Alright, so this is Marie.
I'm now on Jackson Crater.
I can really tell where Jackson Crater is.
It's super bright in my Lunar Targeting Package.
And it's ray system is very bright.
So I'm observing this with my eyes.
I don't have the camera right now.
I can see it sort of looking at about like the 10 o'clock and then about the distance of
oriental in from the western limb.
And so the inside of the crater is actually really bright, a super white, like dense, opaque white in color.
And as you go a little bit further out into the crater basin, you can actually, that color sort of dimishes, almost like a lighter gray halo surrounding it.
Um, I can see the rays of Jackson.
They can go all the way, almost over.
Um, not all the way to Muscovy and say, but they have about the, the size of Muscovy and say, um, Mari is about the distance between the edge of the, um, the Western most ray to the Muscovy and say.
Um, I can follow trace those rays across almost down, um, over towards, I think I can trace it almost over towards Ohm Crater there.
Um, so they reach over and those rays are crossing and then looking at the rays that go to the South.
I can see it go all the way into South Polacan basin.
Um, what's really interesting is that the, the ray system cuts and dissects SPA.
Um, but it looks like there are some areas that actually have a denser, um, sort of ray amount of rays.
So like the area between like one 32, probably like one 30 to like four ish is a very dense ray.
It almost looks like part of a bow tie sticking out there.
And then we have another really dense area.
pretty much from the 5 p.m. 5 o'clock to like the 7 30 ish range so that we can see there and then there is that one ray system that comes through those rays are super bright they look like they're on top of a lot of that other sort of darker gray material and looks like they're just sort of laying on top you can see the brightness of these rays they sort of
some of the other rays, especially the ones below in Crookes Crater.
Looks like they're definitely on top of the ones from Crookes Crater and they look a little bit brighter there.
And then also looks like there might be a secondary set ray that actually comes down as well.
I really can't pull out any structures because I'm looking at this like straight on with nadir and the edges of the rays, they
They are not like very sharp, but pretty sharp.
I get, I would call it pretty sharp between the rays and the background material that I'm able to see there.
And then the brightness of some of these smaller, brighter craters, they, they do still stand out on top of the ray system as well.
Let's see, this is really neat to see how bright this is.
I think the center of this crater is definitely one of the whitest spots that I can actually see on the moon right now, and then sort of fades outward from there.
