next I'm gonna look for some Impact Flashes myself just gonna stare at the moon for a bit it's really just embracing these last moments while I'm looking for waiting for these last moments well before they turn the attitude away I know that we're just gonna be able to so I'm really focusing on the part to the west of the Terminator that is in darkness
Because I know that's probably where we'd best be able to see it.
And I hope that we can find one.
It seems like Trevor saw something, but I was too busy trying to write my Name in the audio recording.
So I think I missed it.
But hopefully he had a really good observation there as well.
While he starts annotating that, I'm just going to keep my eyes peeled, keep looking for it as much as I want to.
continue just looking at the moon I'm really trying to just keep my eyes where there's darkness what a cool day just flew around the moon today how many people get to do that?
not that many we've trained for so long and so much stuff on this mission and
Here we are.
We're heading around and we're going to start coming back towards home.
Well, we are coming back towards home, but we are just making our way back now.
And I can imagine the excitement that's going on down there in the sur of all of these recordings.
I can't wait to get them on the ground and get these images on the ground.
I know we saw some really cool stuff today.
and just absolutely incredible I almost feel like right now I'm leaving somebody a voicemail and it's just sitting in their pocket and I'm waiting to see if they're home but I'll keep talking to you in case that I hear something else a solid 10 minutes of my voice as I just watch for things
I think one of my favorite parts of the day was just at this one point, you know, Angela got a bungee cord wrapped completely around her ankle and definitely we had to untangle her as we did our switching.
I'm definitely thankful right now that I ate a snack in between, but I know that we're all gonna sit down and have some really cool dinner conversation tonight.
Talking about all the things we saw.
I think some of my favorite parts were just especially some of these targets we got to do twice and like the differences between how hard I looked for how hard I looked for swirls at the beginning versus how easy it was to find them later is just really incredible and knowing that we were able to do that over the course of one flyby when it would take so long for other
sources to be able to do that.
Just seeing how things go from no morphology to this very distinct Terminator that we have with all of the morphology, the puckering of the surface, knowing that every single one of those impacts were made by a flash that I am waiting for right now.
But I'll probably never see it and that's okay because they don't come around that much.
And at least Trevor saw one.
That's absolutely so neat.
There's such that one little bright thing over by leafnets.
That's a really bright spot.
I'm sure that got captured earlier but it really hits out.
And there's this one little bright spot that's sort of off the edge of the Terminator.
It's like, I can tell it's like a central peak or something like that.
It just looks like it's this one little spot, this high point that's still getting the littlest bit of sunlight right now, but it looks like it's its own little, little ocean.
I wonder if I can draw that.
I shouldn't draw that somewhere.
It's like right in the middle.
You can see, you can see,
There's that big crater that's below.
Let's go in and see.
Kohlschlatter.
Around Kohlschlatter, towards the bottom rim of Kohlschlatter and over, right over the terminators where I see that bright spot that's got that high point that's probably a central peak.
So that's really cool to be able to see that as well.
I actually really like impact crater time.
Just looking, waiting to see if something appears.
I can hear still the shutter of Trevor's camera just constantly going.
And so I think he's hoping that he would at least catch something else.
But I know our SAW cameras are doing their jobs.
and uh at this point they're streaming all of this back to you so if you they'll catch it in there i just wanna i want to see it first though trevor already saw it first so i want to see it second right there when there are viruses in space there's viruses on trevor's pcd oh no
Wow you can really start to, you can still see that light yellow goldish in the SPA basin as I stand here.
Like I know it started disappearing.
It's just that very subtle tan goldish color that is in there.
It's really distinct from, it's like in the background compared to those darker mare patches.
the shadows just make these rims so distinct of these impact basins these impact craters it's really cool how you can really start to see the superposition one on top of the other you see the more dulled ones and then you can see the ones on top of them oh my eyeballs just switched all of a sudden craters look like mounds gotta put it back gotta put it back there we go
Gotta remember where my sunlight's coming from.
Now they look like craters again.
Okay, good.
Still no more Impact Flashes.
Still haven't seen one.
Gonna keep my eyes peeled, though.
It really does, like, at this point, it's just... You know, not spending the time looking at my, uh...
my recorder screen or my my pcd i really can just start to just get lost the the rotation is so slow it just feels like the moon is just standing still in front of us and you know feels like we're standing still right in front of it just amazing that i know the speed that we're going at to get back to you all and here we are
Just feel like we're just standing still.
I know that our time looking for Impact Flashes is nearing an end.
And so is the time of our flyby.
This is going to be a cool story to tell everyone.
What am I doing on my plan?
Trying to keep my eyes on it.
I still have lots of time.
This is a very long observation, this straight 10 minutes.
Gonna keep watching though.
This one I really wish I had like five eyes.
So I could keep two on the Impact Flashes and just spend the rest of the time looking at the rest of the moon.
Just gotta keep knocking that out for it.
Really is an amazing little piece of Earth we're looking at.
Still haven't seen anything yet.
So just really want one of those.
I can't let Trevor be the only one who saw one.
It's like, man, what a time to be looking down at my PCD.
I missed a new crater being born.
Alright, I'm gonna...
Pretty neat.
Yeah, now I can still just hear Trevor talking about how jazzed he was that he saw an impact flash.
So jealous.
But that's good for science overall and we are a team.
I think this is the coolest way to end a flyby, just staring at the moon like this.
Yeah, pretty cool, just watched Yaskovsky there on the Terminator.
I don't know, it's nearing the end of my Impact Flash time.
I still haven't been that lucky yet.
Still just enjoying watching the Terminator go by.
Ah, I see ya.
I heard about Tioskovsky.
There's a crater that is above it and below it it has like another little crater that looks like a little set of headphones.
That's pretty cool.
I think it's really nice to still have these noise-canceling Peloton headsets, Pelotor headsets on and just sort of immerse yourself in the moon.
I think it's actually a much nicer use being separated from the noise and the busyness of the spacecraft.
Knowing that our friends are keeping us
keeping you all updated on what they're seeing and what we're looking at right now.
I'm really curious about that color that's still there.
It would have been neat to sort of...
I know that you all have talked about it a lot, but just seeing that distinct color difference is really pretty incredible.
Alright, I think that ends my impact flash time.
Thanks for hanging on.
