Target 21, Mari Injani, round two.
I've allowed my eyes to adapt to that area after locating it with the LTP.
Again, thanks for targeting me right in on Mari Injani.
And I've got the 400 millimeter image up and trying to let my eyes adapt, but also looking down.
quickly to where the swirls are in the image versus what I see with the naked eye.
I can definitely see the swirl that kind of looks like a tadpole that's swimming from west to east into the southernmost crater that's circled by the green 21 on the lunar targeting package.
I can pick that guy up as probably the most distinct by the naked eye.
Um, it has a little bit of a muter tone, so a little bit grayer than the image on the LTP.
Again, it depends, I guess, on the brightness of this, um, uh, PCD screen, but, uh, the, the, I wouldn't been able to say yay, verily that that is a swirl without knowing to look for it.
Based off the image and the naked eye, but now that I know there's a swirl I could definitely pick it up and I can then translate that color that albedo up to
the crater that's kind of to the north of the Mare Ingenii and Swirls area that's circled in that 400 millimeter lens image that's on the LTP.
And I can pick out a patch of about three smaller swirls that are set pretty distinctly against that darker mare patch.
And that's about it for swirls and Mare Ingenae is the large one to the south and the three that dot the northern crater.
The basin overall from when I observed it before seems about the same type of topography.
Maybe it's the illumination, maybe it's just the topography in that area.
I don't see anything distinct on the crater walls or
the base of that crater given the current illumination conditions.
What I will say is when I look down at the image, 400 millimeter image on the LCP, I don't see that crater structure that is in the image in this illumination condition.
Seems pretty flat right now, which is consistent with the other things along that same kind of
semi-circular trace on the moon.
You just don't see the topography that you do as it gets closer towards the Terminator.
Overall, other distinct things around Mare Injani is a couple bright spots, maybe younger craters towards the rim of that northern Mare patch.
I can definitely pick up that there's a brighter crater there
I can trace back and locate in the LTP image.
And so all those craters that are, I don't know what a good size reference are, but all those smaller craters that are in Mare Injani can barely pick up, but can certainly pick them up based on their albedo and some of the topography that's starting to show up.
So even though the overall, I guess what I'm trying to say, even though the topography is pretty muted across there compared to the image,
You can pick up the craters that are in that smaller diameter based on some of their color and albedo differences.
I think that's all I'm going to be able to say on mare ingenii, but between
The first and second observations of that, I think maybe it'd be interesting to go back and evaluate my first and second observations.
I think the first time I had the camera and the second time was just by naked eye, so probably some things are a little bit distinct based on the observations between those two mediums.
Okay, closing out Mare Injani, target 21 now.
