Okay, starting a new recording.
I'm glad I was able to capture Earthset.
Let me actually make sure I can tag that picture.
This is me tagging this picture.
Okay.
Uh, successfully did that.
Sorry.
This, that was information from Earthset and not my current target, which is target 13.
Korolev Basin Basin.
So let me get oriented on the objectives for Korolev Basin.
Yeah, it's a little bit difficult to tell because Okay, I'm in my lunar geography review just to help get the colors back Yeah, definitely
I see Crooks and I see Jackson and Korolev Basin is right underneath the high albedo crater.
Okay, I think I've oriented myself.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Just making sure I'm taking pictures of the right thing, but okay.
Understood.
Feedback received.
Let me go get some shots of Korolev Basin.
It's actually easier to find Korolev Basin through my camera now that I can zoom in, so I probably should have done that earlier.
Alright, so yeah, because even up here, even if I'm not 100% sure,
that I'm looking at it, I will 100% get the photo.
Because in my highest zoom length, there's a lot of overlap in this area.
So I'm going to make sure I have good coverage of this zoom.
OK, so trying to focus.
in and let me figure out what you still want.
Okay, let me look at some of this.
The topography, which it's actually just it's just not that obvious, honestly.
I wish it stood out a little bit more, but it's not.
Um, I definitely have pictures of Korolev Basin in my viewfinder, um, but I'm just really not seeing any, um, of these kind of cryptomare, um, versus just like any of these, these textures that you're, um, kind of indicating on the, on the LTP.
I'm honestly still not 100% confident that I'm observing the specific crater.
It's just a little bit difficult to tell.
But I can promise you that I have several overlapping pictures of this area.
But in terms of description, even my zoom lens of my naked eye, there's not great topography that are showing up.
So with that, let me continue to move on.
