Starting the voice recording for target one, Whole Moon.
We've just got visibility on the moon.
And so target number one, taking a look at the observation actions.
Now I'm gonna give you my general impression as I'm looking through the lens, as I'm capturing the Whole Moon with a mid-focus mosaic.
Starting now with a north-south pattern.
50% overlap.
Coming down the limb of the moon to the left.
Definitely could make out Muscovians very clearly in the lens.
I'm having to concentrate on the snake pattern
to get the 50% overlap and get high resolution images.
Sure is beautiful.
And getting really spectacular rays that my eye didn't pick up in the camera now that I'm zoomed in.
Just completed the second pass on the snake.
Again, very clear rays.
Concentrating on the 50% overlap, so it might be a little choppy on my voice comm here.
Near the southern part, I'm picking up a lot of the dark mari infill on some of those southern craters.
Gonna give a quick look at my screen while I have a target to index off of.
Targets look in focus on my D5 screen, so I'm gonna pick up on that target where I left off, continue the pattern up.
Certainly feel like I'm getting 50% overlap.
Overall, just concentrating on getting the mosaic well documented.
before I make a few other observations through the lens.
Picking up Apollo Basin now, beautiful in the resolution that I can see with this medium lens.
Okay, struggling on the
a limb that's to the three o'clock position out the window right now to just get the full mosaic and resolution.
Camera's struggling a little bit on focusing, so I'm having to target the center of the moon or at least further in on the moon to get the far limb at three o'clock.
Overall, I had the lens set at about 280, and taking a look at any other observation actions you want.
So the biggest thing that stuck out to me as I took that mosaic was the colors of those rays, specifically up in kind of the northwestern quadrant.
The albedo was a very stark difference
through the lens versus what my eye could pick up.
And the features across the globe are just spectacular and looking forward to getting into the next targets.
