Getting ready for Earthrise.
I'm watching for it.
I think I know where it should be coming from, but I'm not sure.
So I'm just gonna keep looking right over the edge here.
I'm just sort of waiting to see.
Make sure that I can just keep imaging until hopefully that I can see it appear.
It should be coming pretty soon here.
Uh, maybe not right away.
Um... Earthrise, yeah, it's now inside the Earthrise target.
And so there it is, I can see it coming.
There.
Oh, it's beautiful.
I'm making sure that my focus is on the actual illuminated moon so that way I can get a good moon focus photo.
Oh my goodness, hello friends.
This is so neat.
I can start to see the browns coming up and a little bit of the white.
Definitely those blues of the ocean coming up.
You can really see looking at the limb of the Earth.
Looking at the limb of the moon, it's very sharp.
I don't really see any fuzziness there.
So it's really just bisecting the Earth as it rises.
Oh, here's some white that's coming up.
I can now start to see
A little bit of Africa is coming.
Is that Africa?
Nope, actually it's Australia.
Good to see you all on the other side.
I can now see the white of Antarctica.
Let me start to zoom out and try to get that width.
Oh, that's beautiful.
Oh my goodness, I think it's just, this is just one of the most amazing things I've ever witnessed in my life.
Just here we are waiting for you all to return and just seeing our perfect little neighbor out there.
I've seen it from, just absolutely incredible.
We've looked back at the Earth a lot on this trip, but nothing like seeing it come out of the darkness on the other side of the moon.
I'm gonna readjust my Pelotour real quick.
Try to get back and get some more photos.
Every little bit helps, right?
The one thing, so like I can, to really tell you what I'm seeing here, I can see about the, it's coming out about the 930 position to the left of the moon, on the west side of the moon.
I can see Antarctica, Australia, a little bit of Asia over there, definitely some clouds in the cloud system.
Now that I can see the orange of Australia, that's really combining into some of the browns.
Let me try to get that all in one photo.
The browns in Australia are sort of bringing out some of the browns that I see in the South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin, like definitely around like
Mare Anjanai and over from Apollo, sort of those browns are coming out.
The blues definitely up with Muscoviense.
Those blues sort of help match what we're seeing up there.
Absolutely incredible to see it.
It looks like the Earth could just fit so perfectly inside the Mare patch from Muscoviense and just absolutely incredible day.
Oh, I'm so happy to
see you all on the other side just a beautiful planet we have here and so contrasting after just looking at the as it was put from um apollo 11 the beautiful desolation of the moon is really in contrast with that beautiful dynamics of the Earth
I'm going to make sure I get a mosaic of this Terminator too.
Oh, I got it.
So I'm going to start with the from north to south.
I got my Terminator at the edge of my screen.
Let's see on my 50% overlap.
Now going a little bit closer to that limb.
Going right back up.
Trying to make sure I get some focus on me.
Get the focus spots.
Absolutely stunning.
