Okay, so now I had finished.
I am starting number 25, Jewel's Fern.
So I'm looking for Jewel's Fern over between Tioskovsky and to the west of Mari Injani.
So I can definitely see this.
This is the one with the C-shaped Mari patch.
in the center of it just west of Mare Injani.
And so I'm about, let's see, about 200, 250 kilometers from the Terminator on the left.
That's where I am too.
And so I can definitely see that.
And so I can tell there.
And so what I really want to do is sort of look for any history of fractures.
And so they have potentially some four fractured critters in here.
I can't really see any of these fractures.
I can tell from my LTP, they're sort of along the edge of that C. But from this view right here, I can't resolve those.
Really, it's the
the dark mare patches that are much easier to see.
That C shape looks so much more distinct right now than it actually does in my...
I can sort of see some of those raised rims in there, but as we're getting closer, the small craters that are around Jules Verne are becoming much more defined with their limbs, their rims,
It's definitely sort of, you can see the morphology starting to come back.
The Jules Verne crater is circular, is mostly circular in shape.
The mare sort of has that sharper boundary, especially on the bottom, the bottom part of the outside of the sea.
But as you go up towards the top,
especially right where that crater is, like around the 11 o'clock and the boundary of the Jules Verne, you really start to lose that distinct boundary of that mare patch.
The gray inside is sort of the lighter, is a bit of a lighter gray up top and that darker gray the bottom.
That two-tone is very similar to what I can see on Muscovy and say with that lighter tone on the bottom and that darker tone on top.
the the shadows are starting to show up especially there's that brighter spot just north of like about the 10 30 position um and so i can start to see that that part oh this part of the moon's falling down um and start to see that bright area along the top very high
Bright albedo and so you can start to see that a little bit of that Rim brightness.
I really can't pull out too much of the texture that is in there from this perspective But it is Just Is my timeline
Looks like I actually was a little bit ahead.
That's okay.
I'm still looking at the Jules Verne right there.
Um, and one of the things it's like those sort of brighter areas as you go around.
Do you see one like to the north?
You definitely see it.
If I go to my OneNote here for my Jules Verne.
Oh, made a line.
I see the like one bright zone.
I'm going to draw it in here on my page.
I see the one bright zone below, but the area that's a little bit brighter above it doesn't really show up as much in my LTP.
And so it's like just around these two craters.
I've sort of highlighted them.
It looks like a little beret on top of my crater right now.
Um, and so I can see where that brightness is.
It's almost like I can follow that brightness around sort of like, you know, when you sweat and like the saltiness sort of makes the sweat stains that stay on like your workout clothes or like a swimsuit.
That is sort of how like sort of these bright patches look.
They're like very granular, um, sort of raising up a little bit, but very delicate on top.
um sort of these white braids almost look like white veins going around um the moon.
Um let's see it's really hard to see any slopes in there and um I think that's pretty good for my jewel's fern.
Just really neat looking at the moon this way after like looking at it so close up with my camera.
So taking this step back again and looking at it from a distance and comparing the areas to each other in one full swoop.
This really is a really neat view to be able to see.
Especially like looking over and like as South Polacan Basin is sort of disappearing off the limb.
That's sort of like the yellowish tint that's like around
Apollo Basin.
It's sort of like a very light yellow.
That's really neat to sort of see that bit of color over there against the stark grayness that is along the Terminator.
That I'm pretty, pretty impressed with as I start to go through and look at these and watching Jackson and these really high albedo rays start to disappear as well.
It's pretty incredible to have gone from when we first started looking at this we had that full disc and now we're just looking at a section of the moon and it's pretty neat.
