Okay, Kelsey back with you.
It's 1607 here.
And my next target is a high priority target.
It is Oppenheimer Basin Basin.
Let's see what I'm looking for here.
I'll orient myself.
Let's see, I see again Aiken Crater's been such a helpful guidepost for me.
So I'm coming down to make sure I hit it.
And wow, this one's a little hard to see as well.
I do see Apollo Basin and it almost seems like Oppenheimer Basin is obscured.
Let's see here by a, let's see, by a bright crater ray that's coming down from the direction of Crookes Crater.
I see in the geography review Oppenheimer Basin should be just to the left.
of that beautiful bright crater ray from Crooks that is totally dominating my field of view here.
And I have to say, this is a challenging one to be able to identify, but I know how important it is to you guys.
So I'll give it my best shot here.
Looking at Oppenheimer Basin, to me with the naked eye, it looks like just an area where there's several smaller craters that are sort of nearby to each other.
The smallest of which in my lunar targeting plan in the screenshot there, I see the tiniest, darkest crater in the LTP is also the darkest feature to my naked eye as well.
It's hard for me to see morphology, honestly,
because of the illumination angle, it's really the albedo that's popping out to me more than anything.
So as for shape and size, it's a challenge to sort of pick that out.
But I guess as I'm looking at it longer, I'm starting to see, I'm tilting my head to the right and I sort of start to see almost like a little face that's made by just eyes and a nose, a little face of three darker mare patches
that are in close proximity to one another.
As for the sense of scale, let me look at my scale bar here on the targeting plan, and it looks like the darkest of those patches is probably, oh, I don't know, 40 to 50 kilometers across.
As for what I'm supposed to be looking at, which is basin structures in the fractured floor, I mean, I guess the only insight I can provide in terms of the question about pyroplastics is that
darkest patch that's kind of like in in the 10 o'clock area if Oppenheimer Basin Basin were a clock with north as 12 o'clock is that that is more irregular.
It appears to be not totally infilling an impact crater but rather its own unique patch with sort of rougher non-circular edges to it.
I see here that I'm supposed to compare
this to looking at similar deposits with Apollo which is I know the next target but I'll just say while I'm giving this target here that the darker patch in Apollo Basin is similarly irregularly shaped and so it again appears like perhaps similar processes formed them or at least that that's an interpretation but they do look similarly irregular.
I will say
The picture in the LTP is a little misleading because it makes it look like that, again, that crater at like 10 o'clock, if Oppenheimer Basin were a clock, is much more circular and distinct than what I'm actually able to see with my naked eye here.
So the best I can really provide to you is a look at color and sort of distinctness of the boundary of the feature.
Hard for me to tell spatially, which is younger or older,
If you had to make me guess, I'd say that it appears to be sitting on top of a lot of surrounding features in the area.
And I'll see if I can make some annotations in the OneNote, because I know how important this target is to you guys.
