Okay, starting target 25 Jules Verne crater.
I'm just kind of centered up on that.
Oh, there's a few minute break between 24 and 25.
So it looks like I got a little extra time on Jules Verne.
So going to go ahead and capture this one right.
The LTP has like a five minute break between 23 and 25.
So it seems like we're missing 24.
And so hopefully the LTP is right.
I'm going to keep going with 25 with Jules Verne.
Give me one second to get right back onto the target list.
So looking for centered photographs at the highest focal length of Jules.
And I've got pretty good eyes on it, was able to index off of Silkowski pretty easily.
And so we're going to go ahead and start shooting some photos.
that includes Tsiolkovsky, so you can also index off of it just like I did towards Jules.
Overall, Jules is starting to become highlighted by that illumination of the Terminator.
Topography is really starting to pop, especially to the north of it at 10 to two o'clock.
There's a central little mare patch there.
It's like the size of a cashew nut that starts to really stick out, distinct in its albedo.
One of the things that just my eye keeps getting drawn to is that central peak of Silkoski, so trying to capture a few images of that while I can.
just because it's so dramatic on the limb.
Just taking a quick look back to make sure that everything's set up for this final little stretch and try not to miss Muscovian base and a high priority target coming up.
Really one of the things that stuck out to me on Jules Verne is that distinct topography that's starting to pop in the illumination conditions.
I've got plenty of photos that are at the highest resolution or highest zoom of the lens, 400 millimeters.
A couple different orientations to try to capture that topography.
My eye does pick up on the mare patch a little bit better.
When I look above the camera, I can see that mare patch, that little cashew nut shape
a little bit better than what I see through the window and through the lens.
So just a note there that my eye is actually picking up that distinct color.
I'm sure once you stretch these pictures a little bit, they'll be better than what my eye is seeing through the viewfinder.
Okay, I'm gonna call that.
good with Jules Verne target number 25 because I know my next high priority is 26 with Muscovian Basins, a high priority target for you guys.
So closing out Jules Verne 25 now.
