Okay so I'm going back to my lunar targeting package to finish up my last one before we switch over which is Leibniz crater and so I this is still Marie I can still have the um the camera in my hand
I'm zooming in to do that.
I got some good pictures of this last time, I think with, um, in between the Marianginae and Apollo before, but I'm going to really focus on observations of Leibniz this time.
And so what I can see in here is there is that brighter circular feature in the middle and sort of like the halo circle on top.
And that's sort of in this, you can see that little raised rim in our lunar targeting packages.
And so I'm going to be focusing on seeing if I can see the swirls in here and describe them as well.
And so I'm now centered on the target.
I can look and sort of see the sort of swirly spot in the middle.
It's definitely, it's definitely brighter than the surroundings, but it's definitely still hard to piece out.
Um, so it's sort of like, it's not super sharp and you gotta look at it for a while to really see if I can see those, um, pieces there.
It's almost a little streaky, um, which is interesting to me.
I'm looking at the wall of the coder.
You can tell it's sort of like got a sharper wall there.
I'm just going to take a couple of photos.
I can see that one rim that's in there, that red circular, is really well preserved.
It's just like a perfect little halo.
Crater very circular and it's like uniform the entire way around interesting I'm comparing that Crater rim that's around 11 to like the one that's around like 9 839 ish so that one is a little bit of a brighter.
It doesn't look as well preserved
It's brighter, but it doesn't look as like as strong of a uniform rim as the higher one up here There's definitely some craters around here that It's hard to tell that sort of one of those that's about four o'clock looks like it is superimposed on top of Leibniz and then we have the And then we have that bright
that bright crater ejecta exactly probably around the nine o'clock area that we can see there so it's definitely a little bit difficult to see in there looking to see if I see any textures inside that mare does look pretty smooth we see a little bit those white streaks sort of going
within there, but it's almost like little wispies.
So we see that circular center wispy, but it almost looks like I could potentially see one that's sort of like radiating from it as a slight wispy as well.
And then the crater rim sort of degrades and becomes part, the whole Leibniz rim itself is not as sharp as what we have elsewhere.
It's really hard to pick up on a lot of this morphology there, so really
using the albedo here.
And so the albedo that I can see, um, it's similar to the mare, um, of the crater below it.
Definitely the, the, from about noon to like two is a little bit darker of what's in there of that C shape.
Um, and from about 11 down to like seven ish, it's a little bit of a lighter, but you really don't have a distinct motion moment in between them where you see those boundaries crossing.
So I'm going to, I'm really excited to have finished this first set of observations for you all and can't wait to keep looking at the moon and get back to it on the other side.
