All right, looks like our last target before we get moving from this activity.
And I'm going to sadly miss it, but this is Get Ahead Target Hotel, the South Poleaitken Basin Region.
So what a good handoff to our future Artemis III friends and looking at the South Poleaitken Basin Region.
And going to take a mosaic of that in a west to east snake pattern with 50% overlap.
Tell you what I can see.
First I'm gonna capture a regional image of the entire South Poleaitken Basin area, about 1 5th of the moon.
Start to zoom in.
What I will say is that with the way the Terminator is right now, probably can barely see what the South Poleaitken Basin is happening right now on the west side.
So it's gonna be a challenging mosaic.
It's pretty much only a three shot mosaic at the 400 millimeter extent.
Take some 400 millimeter extents just centered on the South Poleaitken Basin, pretty dark down there right now based on that Terminator position.
Maybe if you stretch some of these images, it'd be interesting to see what pops out.
Going to take one along the entire Terminator with the camera in a horizontal position.
Yeah, as far as features down there, it's really challenging, even through using the camera lens.
I will say one of the craters down there, it looks like it has a little two eyes and a smiley face that is popping out right now based on the Terminator conditions.
The lighting is really illuminating its west face right now of that crater rim.
Pretty much the only one that I see topography, no color or albedo changes that are really striking right now just because of how dark it is down there.
The current conditions just aren't great for anything to be observed in that realm of color or albedo.
Just taking out some closing photos here of Target Hotel.
And yeah, just some few final thoughts.
It's just dramatic to see the moon like this.
I almost like seeing the moon more with this half Terminator just because of the topography that's popping out across the center third right now.
Yeah, it's dramatic when you see the full illuminated moon, but it's really also very cool to me to see this half moon with this dramatic Terminator and then think about the South Poleaitken Basin Region in our next Artemis mission that will go and touch the lunar surface exactly where my red dot is on my camera viewfinder right now.
Godspeed to Artemis 3 and closing out the final lunar targeting image now.
And hopefully see you guys back on the ground soon.
