Okay, Kelsey is back with you here.
My PCD just froze up on me, so I had to hard reset the PCD.
And because of that, I missed several targets.
I missed Babaloff, and unfortunately I did miss Earthset.
But here I am at Korolev Basin Basin.
I will say at first glance, it is very hard to see Korolev Basin with the current view that I have.
I can see Favaloff, which is of course one of the targets that I missed, but Korolev Basin is nearly impossible to detect.
I'm going to take a minute and try to get oriented here, especially since I just kind of got out of observations to try to troubleshoot the PCD.
You know, I do see
understand I'm looking for kind of a smoother spot that's looks to be younger because it has fewer craters but at the current view right here all I'm really seeing I don't really see topography due to the the illumination angle right now and I'm looking and you know I see go back to my geography review here
I'm trying to switch around my views to see if there's anything I can kind of do here.
Figure that out.
I think I can see Crooks beautifully, and I understand that Korolev Basin should be to the upper right of it, but it is swamped out by the sort of really bright albedo colors of a crater that's unlabeled in the geography review.
That's sort of just to the upper left of Korolev Basin by upper left.
I am still oriented in the window such that I am My head is facing lunar north.
So it's just to to sort of the upper left left of Korolev Basin So, let me see here
It's nearly impossible to identify any topography.
All I see is sort of a white albedo patch in the area where I think Korolev Basin should be.
It's not as bright white as the two craters on either side of it.
It sort of just appears to be, you know, honestly, if you would have asked me to pick an area of the moon in my naked eye view right now, it's sort of the least distinct feature
least distinct part of the moon that there is in my current view.
So I'll take a look here and see if there's anything I can give you about your observation actions.
But honestly, I can't really see any of the things that you're asking me to look out here with Korolev Basin.
All right, Kelsey out and I'll move on to the next target.
