All right, starting target 19 still in window number three.
I've got a really good config with the PCD kind of set up in front of me where I can glance down at it and both look out window three and make the observations now.
So starting number 19 with the three of three of the Whole Moon.
I'll just kind of give you my impression from the Terminator going to
the bright limb, so essentially from west to east, and make some observations as I do that over the course of the next few minutes.
So right at the Terminator, I mean, it's black.
The hearth out there is beautiful still, so my eye is still drawn to those colors.
But deep in the Terminator, I can't pick out features until I get right to a pretty distinct line.
Right now it's at, I think, Sokoski.
The Terminator is really highlighting the terrain or the rim of Sokoski.
The western limb of Sokoski crater is just really highlighted and the central peak.
I can almost convince myself I'm seeing the shadow of the central peak of Sokoski on its western limb.
That would be really interesting to see through the camera.
Hopefully she's capturing some of that in the camera right now.
The topography is really popping.
Those craters are really distinct along the Terminator, north and south of Silkoski.
And it's not too far past Silkoski crater, maybe one or two Silkoski crater diameters away that the terrain starts to lose some of that sharpness that the illumination provides.
Another beautiful area, make sure I'm getting
my orientation right is like the, there's Muscovians basin, which is starting to, starting to get some of that topography advantage from the illumination.
So I'm really looking forward to keeping an eye on that one as we continue to terminate or continues to move towards Muscovians.
But also that larger basin that's to the south and a little bit west of
Muscovian basin that's about the same size is really just it's amazing how flat and stark that is across the center of that larger crater.
As I move more mid in line with the lunar surface, you know, the reflections and albedo are pretty dramatic in that area.
So I can definitely pick out some of the high
albedo crater rays.
There's one that looks almost like a perfect little star, a five-pointed star, almost central on the moon.
It doesn't show up in any kind of images that I see.
And moving down to the crater that's just south of that, I think that's Mari Injani, if I double check in here.
Yeah, so it's around Aitken Crater, Mari Injani area.
That terrain starts to get a little bit darker and albedo and maybe a little bit more sharp in the topography in that area.
Not sure why my eyes are picking up a little bit more, maybe because of just the darker albedo of that area.
I see the topography maybe a little more.
Jackson Crater right now, if my eyes move back up, is just
gleaming almost white with those crater rays just stretching across at least a third or half of the moon.
Again, I mentioned previously that wedge of Jackson that seems like it's missing from eight o'clock to about two o'clock.
Just cannot pick up any rays in that direction, but a lot of distinct other rays in the other cardinal directions.
And then finally, the full eastern limb is pretty high albedo or high illumination right now.
Just totally lose the topography along that rim as expected.
And really hard to pick out any major craters, features, basins as my eyes move towards the east.
Just one more quick word about the Earth out there.
There's really great shot out the window right now with Earth kind of standing off in the distance, but still within frame of the moon.
And this Terminator really makes a dramatic image that we're hopefully capturing for the world to see.
So with that, I'll end Target 19 and take a look at here at Aiken and get started on our next targets.
