All right, starting target eight, the Mari, Injani, and Swirls, the first observation of it.
I'll spend a few minutes before, a few seconds at least, before I got on the voice recorder to make sure I've located it.
It's more tucked in towards the Terminator, at least the West Terminator than I was expecting compared to the LTP.
image indexing off Apollo, able to make my way across Labintz and then pick up where Mari Ingeni and swirls are.
But given the illumination conditions right now, can maybe see just a little bit of the lighter tone swirls at the bottom of Mari Ingeni, but it is at the extreme of the Terminator.
So picking up that albedo is a little difficult.
What I do see there is a lot of the topography, so I do see the rim of Mare Injani.
Looks like a very mountainous region, especially to the east of it.
Concentrating a little bit more on the texture, I see a lot of texture also trending northeast from there towards some of that crater complex that is up from Mare Injani.
And it definitely is unique in that area for some of that texture between Lubinsk and Mari-Injanai.
One quick note, picking up at Lubinsk, there's a very, very bright spot kind of at the seven to eight o'clock of Lubinsk, a very bright spot.
It's pretty small, but again, seven to eight,
a clock from Lubinsk that's only right near the crater rim, not too far from the crater rim of Lubinsk.
Back to Mare Ingenii, so the albedo, just a few more words on that.
Like I said, the swirls at the bottom of Mare Ingenii are possibly being picked up right now with the naked eye, but it's a little challenging.
given its location, hopefully as the moon rotates or as we pass by the moon, we'll start to pick up that a little bit more direct on.
And so hopefully the second observation of Mare Ingenii will be able to pick that up a little bit better, or hopefully the camera will.
The rest of Mare Ingenii is pretty dark.
The Mare patches at the bottom are definitely some of the darkest down in that area as you track over from
from Apollo.
It's kind of at the same color as that dark patch at the bottom of Apollo.
And so just for a comparison between the two, between Apollo, Mare Ingenii, and Labintz, I would still classify Apollo as the darkest, Mare Ingenii pretty close to Apollo, and Labintz, the darker patches, as a little bit lighter of the three.
A few more words on Mare Ingenii.
Just a really spectacular area down there that as I stare out at the moon a little bit without looking down at the PCD, my eye starts to pick up those subtleties that you start to see in the topography.
Overall, one of the things that I'm really interested in is about that bright spot right off of Lubinsk at the 7 to 8 o'clock.
So hopefully follow up with you guys on that during the debrief.
So I'm going to end target number eight, Mari Injani in Swirls here, and I get that recording saved out for you.
