All right, I'm starting my next recording.
And so we're looking for Sun Moon Jay crater.
So let me get that one up.
I'm looking for some good certain images and looking for additional images of the rays, if I can find those there.
And so I'm looking for, let me turn my labels back on.
Sun Moon Jay, it's gonna be up along the rim.
or the limb here a little bit more above oriental.
So let's see if I can find this.
So I can see where Ohm Crater is, and then I can see oriental.
And so I'm looking for partway in between there.
so sort of using those as my guide points okay so i found um i found oriental and looking so i'm looking using this more as a rim target limb target um and so i'm going to start taking some images along the rim here the limb so i'm gonna go from oriental all the way up
But looking here at the limb, I think what's really interesting is that the seam's pretty sharp.
I don't really see too much of a change, sort of any fuzziness along that limb.
Yeah, so this is definitely a harder one to see, but really looking at that limb,
like I said before it's very sharp and so I can still see it's definitely a bit difficult to see there where it is but um and I really can't see I do see a little bit of the ray system that I saw there so let me I can see some of those chains of craters coming down I think it's that
Above that.
I think it's right in here And so I can see a little bit of that ray system.
It's a very faint ray system from where I'm looking at right now it does show it's sort of like a sheet sort of just like powder on top of Obviously the regolith of the moon but much more of that sort of powdery extent
I know my picture isn't turning at the speed the movie is so I can't really use it as well to know what it is with representative on the moon but that's okay.
Definitely I can see some of those crater chains when I am fully zoomed in here.
Very tiny chains.
I thought I saw one.
There's one right there.
So I can see some of those crater streaks.
Those impact little lines there as well.
I'm going to clean this one up and get ready to go to the next one.
