All right, made a quick switch there, so I'm now looking out window number three.
I've got myself bungeed back down and got a clear view of the moon.
Not as square on as I was when I was taking pictures with the camera, but it definitely is not interfering at all with observations for this next target coming up, which is target five, Crookes Crater.
This is the first one of two of Crook's and
I'm immediately wishing I had the camera to actually try to find crooks.
I'm indexing now, taking a little bit of time to index up from Apollo to about 11 o'clock, 10 o'clock to find crooks.
The camera definitely does allow you to pick up some nuance that helps you navigate to the crater pretty quickly, but got my eyes on crooks.
and gonna take a look at the LTP to double check.
One thing that is definitely sticking out to me is the larger crater that is just at the three o'clock of Crook's or the two o'clock, definitely is not sticking out as much as I look out at the moon as it is in the 200 millimeter image on the LTP.
So it's a little hard to find Crook sitting on the edge of that crater.
but I definitely think I've been able to locate it just looking up from Apollo.
And right now it's hard to distinguish much topography given the illumination, but I am able to see a lot of color and albedo changes.
The texture looks pretty flat without the topography popping out at me, but the albedo around Crux is a lighter tone,
I'm almost seeing three different tones there, almost from a light gray to a mid gray to a darker gray as you get about two or three crooks diameters away from it.
It definitely doesn't have any dark areas like some of the craters to the south that almost have the mare patches in the bottom of them.
But the interior of crooks, if I stare at it really closely, might have like a little dark patch
at the three to four o'clock.
It's kind of like one of those mid-tone grays that I described earlier.
If I look at the RAID system of crooks, I can extend it out about two crook crater diameters away.
to the north and to the south at about five o'clock.
There's one distinct part of Crookes Crater Ray that looks distinct, almost like a finger out to the four o'clock that I don't see in the LTP.
It definitely is not as
as vibrant of albedos that you see in the LTP images as you do as I'm looking out the window at the moon around that crater.
It definitely is striking and very similar to the crater to the northeast of it.
And so those two pairing look pretty closely.
That crater is about halfway
towards Jackson.
So between Jackson Crooks and that crater that's between the two, I don't know the Name of, they all have about the similar albedo and similar overlapping rate pattern.
