Okay, so I am now going back to my Lunar Targeting Package for number 9, Mari Inchnai.
This is also the first of two observations for this target.
And so I am looking at some of the color, albedo, and texture variations, working to get some images.
And interesting to sort of look for, I know there are some swirls in this target, so I'm going to be looking for those there.
And so once again, I have the camera in my hand.
I can see Mare Ingenii.
Let me see.
And so I can see the Apollo there.
And now there's Leibniz.
And so I can see Leibniz.
I can see Mare Ingenii there, so I've been able to locate it now.
And so I'm going to work on getting a full zoomed in image here.
Yeah, so it's definitely a little bit hard to actually see some of the swirls that are in there.
I can see some of the terraced edges.
It's because it's right there on the limb right now.
It's sort of difficult to see some of those swirls and so I'm trying to make some good observations so when I come back around the next time that I could see these a little bit better.
Let's see.
I'm looking through the camera to compare some of the size here.
It's about the same.
That sort of mare material is very similar too.
It's like the three feet across from Apollo to Leibniz.
It's about also the size of the crater in Leibniz.
I'm looking for some of that bright spot that you can sort of see.
So it looks like, oh, I think I can see a swirl.
Let me get a picture focused on that right now.
And so, you can tell that Mare Anginae right there.
It's sort of that part of the core, like if you think of it like an eyeball, you can sort of see some of those veininess.
It's sort of like the Mare Anginae is divided into like the two separate spots.
And so there's the top part and the bottom part.
I can see the bottom part has a little bit of swirls.
They fit about right in the square of my focus.
So I can see on the limb right there.
I think we're going to get a better view of these when we come back.
But really interested for what those are looking at right now.
But what I want to compare is the color.
The color that I am seeing inside of Mare Ingenii, it is a little bit darker than the Mare that you're seeing in Leibniz.
A little bit closer the color that you're seeing in the middle of Apollo, so I'm going to try to get an image with all of those in there right now.
And so we can see between the two.
Looking at the boundaries there.
heavy and mungy.
It's sort of, parts of it, like around the bottom of that top part of Mare Injani, it does sort of have that sharp, that sharp edge there.
And then along the top part, as you get towards the brighter, like those brighter craters, sort of above the Mare, that sort of is a much more of a gradational boundary that you can see there.
It looks like some of the ejecta from those tiny craters might come on top of the mare there as well.
It's really hard to see any structures in here.
Right now as I sort of, though it's a little bit on the limb, I'm really struggling to see any terraced features.
I can see the rim, like the inner peak ring, sort of coming up.
And it almost looks like the
It's like a breached wall.
You know, it looks like some of the Mario material sort of breached underneath, sort of that raised rim-like feature there.
Alright, I think that's going to be the end of this one.
