Alright, starting on my next one, I finished that Whole Moon.
I'm going to go to Aitken Crater Crater, and then what I'm going to be looking for here is the Compact Split Crater with Mare infill.
So I'm looking to see if I can see any evidence of that scarp, the Raka X scarp.
And so I want to get in the highest resolution that I can.
So let me focus in on...
There is Mari Injani.
There's Mari Injani.
there oh I can definitely see those swirls now and I work my way up to the mare pond of Aitken Crater Crater and I can really see that and so what I can see when I look in this mare pond of Aitken Crater Crater I can see that high point pretty in the center the rim of the crater is not very well defined
but that mare pond is really well defined.
And if I look in there, I can see some later sort of swirling also in there.
There is the crater that is about the six o'clock position of that mare pond.
And, um, and a little bit above that, it's almost like an upside down octopus.
Uh, you can sort of see some of that coloring.
It looks like the mare pond sort of flows around the
It flows around the peak inside.
Why can't I think of that word right now?
And it has that little offshoot to the right from there.
Okay, so I'm definitely going to go try to look for that scarp right now.
I can see, almost looks like you can see those little swirls.
Let me see if I can maybe draw those in a second too.
But if I'm looking for that scarp, it is.
It looks like that scarp is sort of bisecting the crater next to it.
So I go there.
I go across to this crater and see if I can
Resolve that scarp.
I think that is the one.
There.
Okay, again.
It's very...
I'm taking images of where it is.
It's very hard for me to resolve that right now in the light.
But I'm following the craters that it would be bisecting there.
But it really isn't popping out as evident without like some of the shadows that would make it pop out a little bit more if it were closer to the Terminator than it actually is.
And so I really can't see any of that tectonic activity there.
But it is worth looking for and hopefully, I wish we could definitely have seen that for you all.
Um, let's see.
