All right, this is Angela and I am starting target 10, two of three, which is the Whole Moon.
I have the camera and so I'm going to start my north to south sneak pattern.
Mosaic was 50% image overlap.
I switched the camera to my SD card, which I can't remember the Name, number of it, but I'm sure it's written somewhere.
Okay.
And you want me to be at mid focal length.
So standby.
All right.
I'm around, uh, I'm just going to go up to 300.
Uh, no, 200 seems to be perfectly adequate.
All right.
Starting from the north and starting my snake now.
Yeah, I'm sitting upright at the moment, so the north to south snake should look pretty straight.
So as I'm snaking, I can really tell
the stark differences in albedo between the rays.
I think of Jackson and of Crooks overlapping kind of the mar beneath.
It's really quite stunning.
Alright, so, kind of just snaked over Apollo's basin.
And now I'm right about around Crook's.
Passing over Jackson.
It's really difficult to keep the camera
steady.
My body is very tense so I can keep it still and get that 50% overlap that you guys are looking for.
I'm on my last snake now.
I realize I probably made some pretty tightly packed together snakes, but I think you'd enjoy that.
Okay, now I'm just gonna kind of look through my camera and give you some general impressions, which is, wow, yeah, the morphology on the Terminator is just really, stands out a lot more in my zoomed camera.
General impressions, it's just
that some of these colors are really subtle.
There's a little bit of like an orange tone that I'm seeing like orangish red in Muscovy Ents that's standing out.
Same with the
same in Apollo Basin.
But yeah, I think the thing that kind of dominates the landscape right now is just the craters of Jackson.
They have just, they reach not quite Moskowience to the west.
They reach
definitely up until crooks and they're just big and bright and beautiful I'm sure there'll be more to come oh I see Earth let me yeah as I'm as I'm still on this Whole Moon I almost almost missed it
but for the first time I can see Earth and I'm gonna take some shots of it even though it's not in our plan.
It's just so beautiful.
Hey, it's nice to see you all the way over there.
And those are pictures of the screen and not the poster board.
Alright, I'll end it there and pick up at Bavilov.
