All right, moving on.
Again, I'm in window two with the camera and the shroud.
Moving on to target four, Jackson Crater.
I'm looking at capturing this in the highest focal length.
So I've got the lens cranked over to 400.
First gonna start out with Jackson dead center at 400.
I cannot get the entire extent of the rays.
So I'm gonna zoom out, capture one that captures the visible part of the rays, which is almost two thirds of the moon at this point.
Still targeting the center of Jackson Crater.
And then go back to 400 and capture a mosaic that is at least 75% overlap across the top of Jackson.
Snaking west to east.
Gonna come back through Jackson.
And then a third pass just below Jackson.
I'm gonna go ahead and make a fourth pass from east to west.
Jackson now is not in the field of view, the crater proper, but the braid system from Jackson is.
And just to make sure that I continue to see rays extending to the south, so I'm going to make one last pass at 75% overlap, 400 zoom lens to make sure I capture the extent of any ray system coming out of Jackson.
Going to close out that photo, documentation of Jackson again from centering Jackson with the red square at the full extent out on the zoom and slowly zoom in, keeping Jackson centered all the way to the 400 millimeter portion of the lens.
Incredible crater, incredible rays.
very distinct in the camera lens.
Maybe with my eye I can actually distinguish some of those rays a little bit further than what I was seeing in the camera lens, just based on these illumination conditions.
And I really hope I captured Jackson appropriately in the camera because it's a beautiful sight to see via the naked eye.
equally as impressive through the 400-meter lens.
I wish I had a little bit more time to stare at it and pick up the nuance that the camera lens does afford me to look at, especially around the rim and some of the crater rings, or sorry, the crater ejecta rays to the south.
Really interested in that wedge that's between
uh 10 o'clock and two o'clock that doesn't look like there's any rays going to the to the north and west um kind of interesting just thought provoking as i kind of stare at it more through the camera lens took one last photo there i'm also gonna annotate that with the time stamp via the camera as soon as i close out this
audio file and it looks like, take one last check at the observation actions and looks like I'm good on Jackson.
Again, gonna capture a audio note in the camera and hopefully get you some of these photos down at the soonest possibility that we have.
