Okay, so this is Marie.
I now have the camera in my hand.
I'm getting situated, getting ready to look for Crookes Crater.
I'm now over in the other window and now I have the camera in my hand.
I'm testing.
It looks like that I can definitely focusing if I go the whole way zoomed in and can see the whole disc as I'm fully zoomed out.
So I'm starting with Crookes Crater with the, as I can see is a photometric target.
Um, and so has some intense looking at the albedo and texture and the theme for exterior, um, craters.
And so I'm going to try to look in and I can see where Crookes Crater is.
Um, it definitely has some bright gray systems as well.
I can see that it's about halfway between Apollo and Jackson, which does match where it is on my LTP.
And so I've got this, um, I'm able to get zoomed in on it there and get some images.
And my, the bracketing that was set up is still working great.
Um, so I'm zooming out a little bit, making sure that you can see the difference between
Apollo to Jackson to really get that in there when I zoom in a little bit more I can see some I can't really see any of those Terra structures that are discussed, but I can see the gradation of the of the ray system so I'm trying to follow these rays all the way back up to Jackson and If these rays are actually they're a lot more dense around the center that we see here I
And they don't look as streaky as like some of the rays around Jackson.
It's sort of like a, they're almost looks like flower petals.
They're much more, um, lighter in color and sort of condensed as well there.
And so it makes it a little bit more difficult to like really see that streakiness.
Um, like I said before, I really can't see much of the, the, the morphology or the boundaries actually look pretty gradational.
in the ray system as well.
I'm not able to see any of those terrace slopes that we talk about.
That center is a really, really bright albedo.
And it's very similar, not as bright as the one that you can see above in Jackson, but a little bit more similar to the one that is a little bit more northeast that I could probably see.
um, with my laryngeography review, if I felt like opening that right now.
Um, and so I'm looking, I'm supposed to really look and see the relationship, the rays on the material.
Um, it looks like Jackson's rays actually come across, might cross this one a little bit more, but the rays are more defined along the darker, the light gray background of the moon that I can see there.
but they really don't extend that far, sort of about the, it's like, you could look like the ray system sort of fits inside something like, like Muscoviente can sort of cover that whole ray system right there as well.
So I'm gonna save this one.
