starting my Whole Moon target so this is our last Whole Moon looking at Whole Moon and SPA basin I'm gonna work on doing a mosaic here and so I'm gonna do north to south snake pattern starting at the disappearing limb at a mid a
mid focal length so I'm gonna go at about 200 here it's gonna be my starting point so I'm gonna start right over at the limb uh near the north pole that's disappearing so I'm just gonna start my mosaic here just looking at all the the rays I can still see um and Jackson and Crookes Crater on my way down here all the way down to Apollo Basin as I go across I can see that
Ray from Jackson's still really well in the South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin area.
I guess I'll try this methodology also.
Oh, I moved.
That was dumb.
I'm gonna restart my mosaic.
Gonna start again from the top.
Because I moved mid-thing, so I wanted to make sure that you all can make this mosaic much better.
So I'm gonna work on going through this again.
Now back down to Apollo Basin.
Going over, I can still see Apollo Basin as I work my way up.
Still see the limb sort of on the, still within my frame here.
Back up to the top.
go work my way down.
I'm really starting to see how these rays are over going the terrain behind it and also how a lot of these craters they don't look as sharp as I would have thought.
So as I get closer to the Terminator that I am those morphologies is becoming much more
Defined and just looking in all these different Mari patches.
You see some of those wider streets especially between my engine I and looking up at Muscovy and I'm right in the middle of the NC working my way back down snaking around Tioskovsky with that big Mari pond Mari and I you can finally start to see those swirls better than I could see them in the first I
First time around and then working my way back up.
Hang on, come right back down on the Terminator.
Get a little bit of Earth in my view.
Alright, I finished that whole mosaic going through, so I'm actually pretty excited about that.
I did, like I said before, I did restart it, but did pull it through, sort of seeing that transition between the different areas that I looked at.
Yaskowski right there on that rim.
Really incredible to be looking at the moon like that.
