All right, Angela, back with you.
I am starting Dewar Crater Region Crater Region.
I don't have the camera.
I'm looking with my eyes.
All right, let me try to identify Dewar Crater Region Region.
It's a little bit
hard because the base map in my LTP isn't like, is more topography based versus the albedo color.
Ah, OK. Yep, I got it.
I see it now.
Oh, if I look away, I almost lose it for a second.
But I can.
No, I lost it again.
No, I got it again.
OK. All right, all right, all right.
We're back.
I can see Dewar Crater Region.
um what i'm really focusing on is the sharp perfect looking crater um fresh looking oh just kidding i lost it again sorry guys i'm really having a hard time trying to get
Doer It's almost like I really wish I had a camera to zoom in I definitely
I mean I can see I'm poking back to my lunar geography guide because the image there is a little bit better for me no I don't know what that Name is it's just I'm using the crater within a crater that's butting against another crater that's around the same diameter and then trying to look straight up from that
to identify Dewar Crater Region?
Okay, I think it's a darker mare patch in this area.
Okay, now I am confident I am looking at Dewar Crater Region.
The way I'm clocking it is the two craters that are around the same diameter and looking straight up at the darker region and then below this kind of light, very light and bright crater
above it, so I'm very confident I'm looking at it right now.
Again, this mare in Dewar Crater Region is very diffuse and it's also lighter in tone.
It's not as obvious as the rest of them, especially Aiken is pretty dark and so is Moskavians, but I'd say Dewar Crater Region is
Maybe what I'm looking at, maybe some of the lighter, lightest toned mare, if that makes sense.
Um, again, very diffuse, um, the extent of it.
Actually, maybe I can take a screenshot cause I feel like the image that I'm looking at is not accurately cubbying the full extent.
So standby as I take a tour region.
Oh yeah.
I can just annotate directly in to here in the LTP.
Okay, so I'm just drawing what I'm seeing as the boundary of this mare.
And then there seems to be another, maybe a slightly different tone of mare that's in an irregular shape around.
I drew the annotation.
Hopefully, I just want to show that there's a little bit of a boundary in the tones of the Mari in CoreLab.
But again, these are, in general, pretty diffuse boundaries, but there is a slight tonal difference.
So I wouldn't take that line as super sharp, but I can see a distinction in those shapes.
