Okay, so I am now finished up on that gonna go back to Jackson Crater So I'm just looking at this I want to be able to annotate Well, I'm gonna work on an annotation during this one because I won't be able to annotate the extent of the ray system Including the furthest reaching areas of the rays And so I'm gonna work on opening up my OneNote
I could definitely still see the brightness of Jackson and where it's rays are going.
It's getting closer to the disappearing limb.
It's probably about 200 or so, maybe a little less kilometers from the disappearing limb.
And so I'm trying to look and I can see where these, let me open up my OneNote.
Oh, already drawn things that I didn't need to draw yet.
So I'm gonna try to draw what I can see from Jackson here.
I'm going to use a... Get a good color going.
I'm gonna use...
Definitely like I'm gonna use sort of a Reddish pinkish color to sort of show my rays here And definitely try to make them a little bit thicker And so I can definitely tell that there is This one that goes around Aiken crater here
So you can definitely see them sort of go past that.
I can see them going almost to Mare Injani is sort of where the end of my rays are in that direction.
I can still see that ray that goes all the way into like South Poleaitken Basin Aitken Crater Basin.
That one is really sticking out.
And then there's the one that goes just above
The Lacus Luxury region that I was looking at before and then the one that goes a little bit over to the limb and I'm definitely drawing this in my OneNote so you can start to see these pretty well.
It looks like they're still going over the bit from Crookes Crater and so you can really start to see it going off the edge and then that other crater right there whose Name I forget at this moment.
It looks like the one that sort of goes around Aiken, it sort of spreads there and sort of goes all the way to, like sort of surround Mare Anjanai.
Let me see if I can sort of show that a little bit with just sort of some lightness here.
So I got some good annotations there that really show the extent that I can see
Coming from that crater.
It is so bright still that center is so is the brightest white thing that I can see Still on the moon, and so it's pretty neat to be looking at that Let me go quickly to my lunar geography review Trying to get the The far side get the Jackson and
at them yeah that is definitely Crookes Crater right below it that I could still have in some really good rays that I can see as well so I'm gonna head back to make sure that I got everything that I need for my targeting plan and so yeah I can really start to see that like
there it almost feels before as the brightness the first time I looked at this the albedo was some of the big um the albedo was much stronger and it's sort of uh disappearing those rays that like you can definitely still trace it into SBA but it would have been harder to trace than it was earlier um and so I can definitely see how uh as the
as things approach the rays get closer to the Terminator it's much harder to see them now.
So I will finish this one up.
