All right, back with you on target 27.
I've been probably spent about 80% of the time observing the moon through the camera lens at 90 on the zoom.
It captures the extent from north to south.
I've had the red center target right at the Terminator and been capturing photos every
three to five seconds to make sure that I capture that transition that's happening right on the Terminator while also keeping an eye out through the lens for any Impact Flashes.
While I'm doing that, the other 20% of the time has been looking down at the PCD and making annotations or saving off audio files.
Gonna go ahead and stick with this audio recording through the last few minutes we have here on
Target 27 for looking for these Impact Flashes.
Pretty jazzed that I did see one.
Pretty confused by its color and its characteristics.
But hopefully we captured some of that in the saw imagery.
And hopefully I annotated that pretty well to at least capture what I saw.
I'll be interested in, after we do the debrief, whether Marie saw the same thing.
Hopefully these series of photos every three to five seconds as the Terminator is changing are helpful.
I find it useful to not only use the camera as a optical device to look for the Impact Flashes, but also just watch that Terminator change and one to capture it for you guys as well.
If I would have thought about it before I got set up for this, I might have pulled out the bracket and got the camera set up so that I could go hands free and maybe even set the camera up so that it would take photos automatically at a set time.
Would have made a really cool video out of this if it was, if we weren't, if we didn't jostle the camera between that whole time sequence during this 10 minutes.
But I think that way I could have looked for Impact Flashes, but also captured this really cool time sequence that I'm trying the best that I can by hand.
But if I would have had the bracket set up, might've been a better sequence.
It's really cool to see some of these basins start to disappear into the Terminator and how they really pop right before they just go black.
Really missing seeing the Earth out of the window, that was pretty cool.
Some of those images of that blue Earth are just still going to resonate with me for the rest of my life.
And I see we're coming to the end of the impact flash observation, so I'm going to go ahead and end the audio here, stop the sequence of images that I've been taking every three to five seconds, and see whatever get-aheads that we have while we still have this beautiful view.
So, finishing target 27 now.
