Okay, this is back to Marie going to our high priority target of Muscovy and Sea Basin This is gonna be I think one of our last Last targets we're getting close to the end of our time together me and my Pelotor headset and so I'm really excited to I've been using Muscovy and Sea as a Definitely one of those anchor points like you can tell why it's one of our 15 this whole entire time
It's probably been my best scale bar throughout the entire day.
Just that distinct mare patch really is covers, you know, like four, four and a half, one, two, three, four and a half of them really cover the width that I can see in that line of the moon right now.
And so that's been pretty neat to use that as my scale bar throughout the day.
I am going to look at this and sort of one of my goals is to look for color and albedo effects within that mare patch and really look to see if I can see any of those swirls very similarly to what I was looking at in like mare and janai.
And when I first look at it here I can start to see now that I've been staring at just it again for a while I can start to see
that sort of two-tone tie-dye-ness within that mare patch.
And again, I'm looking at this with just my eyes, not my camera.
It's a very circular basin, and that mare patch within it is very well constrained on one side by the raised rim feature, the raised inner peak ring.
And then you sort of see how the mare flows outward from there.
And so it sort of looks like that breach that is going outward.
And it doesn't make it all the way to the outer basin rim.
And so it sort of stops a little bit short of it.
It looks like it's sort of got that low bait sort of boundary to it.
And it is a bit of that.
And so it just looks like it sort of disperses into the rest of the basin.
I'm going to sort of try to work on my one note here.
So I've got that zoomed in and looking to see if I can draw out some of these differences that I can see in the colors.
Let me get a good...
I'm gonna see if I can use maybe this
see if I can use my highlighter to really help here it's really that inner part that you really can't see that highlighter at all so let me let me undo that highlighter let me try again with something different I want to use a pen I think it just sort of like a lighter blue is gonna help me here these are the lighter areas and so I can really tell this center spot
I need to zoom in a little bit so I'm trying to not let the not let it bias me too much here so I can really see this like this lighter part out here and then there is another later part coming out from
around this like between these two craters that I am drawing and then I can sort of get that low bait sort of feature as it goes into that other what I know to be that like floor fracture craters I can't really see those fractures here at the resolution that I am looking for
It's definitely a little bit of just sort of like that tie-dye.
It almost does look like those swirls slightly when you start to look, especially this one line that is above the crater that you can see around the one o'clock, like one to two o'clock part of that basin.
You can start to see a little bit of line.
The longer I look at this, the more I convince that I see
see more pieces of that light and darkness.
It's really not as defined as you could see in Mare Ingenii, but sort of similar to how there were those sort of wispiness that you could see during parts of Mare Ingenii.
It's sort of very similar to what I am seeing here as well.
And I
The morphology that I can see here is that I can see these two craters that are about the 10 o'clock and the 8 o'clock position and then the one that's about the 7 o'clock and the 6 o'clock
There's a really bright spot in the rim.
I'm gonna draw in with like a different color here.
It's like a pinkish color that's like a really high albedo spot.
That's really up by this one crater here.
Let me see if I can see exactly where it is.
That's that rim.
It's like in this area, I'm surrounding it by pink, definitely some higher albedo, small impacts right there.
Let's see how I'm doing.
I definitely still got another minute or so on my timing.
Just that, just knowing the power that it would take that lava flow prize, just really neat.
I'm gonna try to finish this one up.
It's been fun for looking for targets.
I'm just gonna probably just talk your ear off as I look for Impact Flashes.
