All right, we've got Earthrise coming up, and I can just hear the shutter clicking away over there, so I know Marie's on it.
It's beautiful coming up.
We're starting to see the blues and a little bit of continental browns, some atmospheric whites that are very dynamic.
The Terminator line across Earth is extremely sharp and very dynamic.
And that's all on the target.
number Echo and man is it beautiful coming up.
It's right in the right place and so it's right south of where I was seeing that exospheric phenomenon or a little bit of dust lofting that I described in my previous audio stamp for Delta.
Man is it rising a lot faster than I expected.
I think I see Australia so
Good day to all you out there and everybody on Earth.
It's good to be back with you.
And hopefully you've got us back in communication and we can get you some of this beautiful data coming down.
What a fabulous pass.
And man, is it really cool to see Earthrise coming back up.
It's changed a little bit of my perception of the moon with the colors.
My eyes are adapting to the lights now.
of Antarctica and some of that cloud deck and again seeing just such a sharp Terminator across Earth and it's really moving.
I guess my first impression is how fast it's moving up or maybe how fast we're moving relative to these two beautiful planetary bodies that we've had a chance to explore.
It is about
two-thirds of the way up right now and continuing to change my perception the more that I see the whites come up and really spectacular view of the blues.
Blues are just so dynamic, even more dynamic than
our observation of Earth from ISS.
I think it's just really cool to have so much black space with our beautiful blue Earth out there.
And that blue is just so striking just with the gray tones of the moon in our foreground and the Earth in the further foreground or the background.
It's really dynamic.
And so just now
The final little bit of Earth is creeping out from behind the Terminator, and we now have the full view of Earth with its own Terminator on it, probably about 80% of Earth that we see right now with that Terminator along the western rim.
Overall, just fantastic opportunity to catch that Earthrise and really changed
our view on some of the colors of the moon that we're seeing, but also changing our view on our place in the solar system and universe.
So with that, hopefully we'll move on to some of those other dynamic targets that we've got coming up for the lunar observations and close out this last shift with a bank.
