All right, back with you on target 22.
Now back over into the window number two with the camera and the long lens.
And so just taking a look now and getting set up, but I'm gonna leave the audio on.
So forget a few little ramblings here as I get set up on target 22.
So I'm looking for that crater region and luckily have the long lens to help me get there.
So gonna,
index off of Jackson.
Make sure that it's about in line with the southern part of Muscovian Basin.
Again, forgive my rambling here as I make sure that I'm getting the right target and the right focal length.
So it looks like you want highest focal length surrounding dark plains and central images of the region.
So I'm gonna make sure that I've got the right
Target, I think I've got the right target because I See a distinct darker region in that that I can pick up off the 200 milliliter 200 millimeter image in the lunar targeting package, so gonna go ahead and start with a Center image and work my way in with that focal length all the way to the highest so first image and
is gonna capture both Jackson and Muscovian basins and work my way into what I believe that crater is.
And I can really start to pick up that darker region.
Really appreciate the camera now after trying to view some things with the naked eye.
And so I'm gonna do that whole sequence of images again, working my way in.
with the camera slowly changing the zoom lens but keeping the central focus spot in the same area.
This looks like it's, just double checking where my next highest priority target is, Muscovian Basin, so looks like I'm good, so I'm gonna take a few more shots.
Trying to keep at the highest
focal length and kind of surround that area with a number of images.
Changing a little bit the camera orientation relative to the window of Orion to just make sure I get some glare out of there.
And double checking my shroud to make sure I don't have any light seeping in.
Capturing a few good images of that area, the target 22 area with Jackson also in frame.
It allows you to trace from Jackson to that area via some of the rays.
And one last image zoomed out to capture both the Earth and Moon as it currently
is oriented out window two and I'm just going to do another series with the camera oriented in vertical.
It's a little bit harder to stabilize the camera in vertical but does give you a little bit more north-south extent.
Man, Earth is beautiful out there so I'm just going to take a picture of
a few pictures of Earth while we have the opportunity.
Okay, a few bonus pictures of Earth there at the end, but I'm gonna close out.
Target 22.
and move on to Jackson.
