Alright, our very last one in my get-ahead is the South Poleaitken Basin Region.
I've been talking about it a little bit here, but definitely able to, now that I'm able to not be looking for Impact Flashes anymore, really focus on it some more.
You can really, the, sort of, it looks so flat and smooth compared to the Terminator region.
As I said before, that yellowish-brown tint is still there.
You can really tell it between Mare Anjanae and Apollo Basin.
You can really see that area as well as that sort of background color.
And so I can sort of follow the mari there definitely still have a slightly different color from this angle as well.
It's almost a little bit of a brownish tinge compared to like say up in Muscovy and say Basin.
Sort of that darker unit.
I just can't wait to know that somebody's gonna land there one day and
I hope that some of our images can help this as well and some of these observations.
Really be cool to get down there and get some boots on the ground and see what those footprints look like.
It's definitely that it's so much easier like on the closer to the limb to see that color difference.
And you could always see that sort of like ovular shape of South Polican before, but as you got a little bit closer to the Terminator, that difference sort of disappears.
You can't really tell where that color really stops.
It just sort of becomes overcome by the illumination environment.
I'm gonna look and see if I can find Schrodinger Basin down there.
Oh, maybe that is it Just there waiting for a Henderson et al 2025-2026 to come out.
I hear it's gonna be a good one I can see a little bit of it down there.
That'd be a really neat place to go with those cool pyroclastic deposits
see that the largest volcanic cone on the moon I can almost just pull I can maybe maybe I'm just fooling myself down there that giant cone um that's one of the things that I can't really see well there is um let me see
Yeah, I think it might be that point care region maybe that we're seeing right there.
Is that the one?
Maybe.
You can see down there the larger basin that's got the two smaller rims inside of it.
Definitely that bright high crest sort of hitting the
getting the light before it disappears into the darkness.
It's a pretty neat sight.
Just knowing that, that's definitely looks so different than the rest of the moon and we're going to be able to get a better view of it one day.
So I think this is it.
And next time that some human eyeballs are looking at this, hopefully they're, they're going to be getting ready to go on the ground and we can't wait to be a part of it.
Go team Artemis.
