Okay, this is Kelsey here.
It is 1546 and I'm just coming on to observe the moon here.
Excited to be here.
My first target here is taking a look at the entire moon and I have to say this isn't the objective of the task but I see the Earth as well and wow does it look beautiful.
So orient myself to the moon here is I think what I'm supposed to be doing.
I will say it is gorgeous and as the LTP says it is indeed not made of cheese.
I do see color variations starting to pop out you know I see at first glance I see the bright white
Craters really popping out, especially those beautiful rays extending across the entire face of the moon that I'm looking at.
I see what I believe to be South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin, which looks a little browner in color and inside SPA.
There seems to be dark mare patches, but not all the patches are the same color dark.
They really range in albedo across the spectrum of grays.
Muscoviens is right there popping out beautiful at about 10.30 PM on a clock, and I am facing my head where lunar north is to the top of my head right now.
I will say the standout features that I see I kind of already mentioned are
Muscovians, the South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin, and just the sheer variety of albedo you see across the surface.
I'm going to go into my geography review tab here.
just take a look.
And what I'm really seeing is Jackson and the rays of Jackson extending beautifully over this far side view.
I am also seeing crater rays extend in places all the way down into the South Pelican Basin and across the South Pelican Basin.
I see Aiken popping out to the sort of upper left, maybe, again, like 1030 if the clock is SPA and I am pointed to the north.
And it really pops out beautifully.
And I actually see some albedo, some bright white material that's extending out to sort of the, again, the southwest of Aiken crater.
Again, my orientation is that I am facing toward the lunar north pole.
Let's see, what else did you want me to cover in this description?
Comparison of features across the globe.
I definitely see what you guys are talking about, about illumination angle and what you can tease out on the surface of the moon.
For example, sort of right in the middle of my view, I can just really see a ton of albedo variation from those craters and the crater rays.
But then as you look over sort of to the, again, Kelsey left side,
You see a lot more topography and morphology start to pop out.
You see crater rims really start distinctly over on the limb there.
And there's some beautiful views that I'm getting both of the albedo in the middle and the topography over on the left.
Let's see.
Starting to see Zolkowski crater pop out on the left here.
Looking forward to getting a view of that later.
I'll leave it here for now and go on to the next target.
