All right, looking forward to this.
I've got I think one more target here before Earth set and I can see Earth coming up on the on the side of the moon here.
But before we get there.
Really want to take the opportunity to describe this beautiful whole moon view I'm getting Wow, okay, where to even start?
We've got quite a variation of Albedo as the earth is approaching the sort of the limb of the moon and
Wow, it looks, you know, much brighter white.
You see, you know, crater array systems from several craters extending across the surface, and they really pop in this illumination profile.
You know, to the south, I got a great view here of the South Pole-Aitken Basin, starting to see that, you know, darker, grayer material in that beautiful SPA really pop out, and inside of it is
a series of other craters, some of which have dark smooth interiors and some of which have even darker patches that look like some of the mare patches.
There's one crater there that actually has patches of mare, several discrete patches of mare, whereas a few of the other craters within SPA have maybe more traditional, looks like mare infill there.
I'll tell you, it really is a beautiful view here.
I'm starting to see, I think, Muscovians, which I know is a really exciting science target.
Jackson Crater pops in the middle where you see a sharp crater rim for Jackson.
And the rays almost look like a star.
I see kind of like five rays coming out.
The ray to the north.
Is fainter- the other four rays- really are coming out- kind of like in an even spread and even spacing radially out from the center of.
Of Jackson crater there-
Wow yeah I mean of course toward the Terminator we're starting to see some more distinct shadowing there and again like that morphology really pops on the west side whereas on the east side I'm able to pick up that really bright albedo color.
And it's just really a spectacular view of these different albedo provinces that I see moving from east to west.
I'm starting to see Earth get a lot closer to the limb of the moon here, so I know I've got to transition to Earthset.
Wowee, this is a great view and really fortunate to be able to see it here.
Last thing I'll say is I think I missed the textures.
On the east side, the texture really is starting to get pretty, you know, of course washed out due to the illumination conditions there, so it looks pretty smooth to my eye, but wow does that texture start to pop as you're looking at the Terminator.
It's a beautiful view here, and as we're getting ready to see Earth set, I just want to say, you know, thanks and see you on the other side.
