Alright, moving on to target number 15.
We're going to Jackson.
So I'm looking at Jackson now.
I've certainly been able to locate it given some of the surrounding landmarks to focus in on it.
If I do look down at my LTP, I tend to
lose exactly where it's at, so it takes some relocating every time I look back out.
So I'm gonna concentrate on just describing Jackson and then I'll take a look and make sure I didn't miss anything in the actions or the cue card.
So just looking at Jackson for its shape and size, super circular,
crater.
I do pick up in this illumination condition some of the central peak that looks at the bottom of Jackson and get a lot of the terracing, particularly to the nine o'clock position in our current orientation of the window with 12 o'clock being up the lunar north.
Now also mention that
I see some distinct rays from Jackson.
I think that was one of the actions out of the LTP.
I see distinct rays at the four o'clock and the 10 o'clock that extend about five to six Jackson diameters away from Jackson itself.
And those kind of peter out or I lose that distinct ray colorization when it impacts or when it gets into some other impacts that are further extent, but also have some, some rays associated with them.
But Jackson for sure is, has some distinct rays as my eyes have become adapted to the lighting environment.
There also maybe is a subtle ray that goes down to the seven o'clock.
It's less prominent, but definitely see some of those light tone rays coming from Jackson.
Now they're light tone, but they're not in this illumination condition any lighter than the bottom of Jackson.
So if I was to describe the three color tones that I just outlined there, the lightest is the
the bottom of Jackson and then the light rays are the next color tone and then there's kind of the gray background that is the surrounding terrain.
And so I just wanted to enumerate that tonal difference in three distinct broad categories.
Um, let me take a look at the LTP again here real quick.
So that covers the color, some of those albedos, um, and that tonal difference that I was talking about and texture.
Yeah, the biggest texture thing that sticks out with Jackson to me, um, is the terracing and that central peak.
Um, don't see any specific texture in those rays I described, but the terracing is pretty, um,
dramatic, even though it's a small crater, it stands out because of that terracing.
And I think that covers it for the LTP.
Let me take one last look.
Yeah, the relationship with the rays across the surface are, as I described, pretty prominent within two or three crater diameters of Jackson and then start to fall off as you get to those five or six crater diameters away.
That's it with Jackson.
Moving on to the next one.
