Christina here, working through my targeting.
Next up is number 16, Oppenheimer.
I am looking through the camera at the moment, and so I can get pretty close, zoomed in.
Oppenheimer and Apollo Basin right next to each other.
I'll say the first thing that stands out to me
are the color tones.
Oppenheimer has kind of this reddish hue to it, with its mare being more like almost like a dark purple.
And the mares that are really standing out to me are the kind of three
to the left side of the crater.
And then as you go more towards Apollo Basin, the color tone changes pretty significantly because you have this big ray, this light-toned ray that's coming from Crooks that is just almost cutting
Oppenheimer in half.
It's going kind of close to straight up and down through the crater and proceeds double the length, at least, past the crater as well.
And in that ray, there's actually two tones of this kind of lighter hue that's also about equal
on so i'll say that if you kind of split that ray in half vertically on the left side of it has this more of a maybe we'll call it like a tan like a a tanner browner light toned color and then on the right side of it closer to apollo basin it's definitely more of a
a lighter tan, I'll say, but there's a little bit of tonal difference with the lighter color closer towards Apollo Basin.
And then as you move more towards Apollo Basin, you have a reddish tone, but it's a little bit lighter than what I'm seeing in Oppenheimer.
And then the Mare also, instead of like the dark purples, if you call it like a little bit of darker purple in the Mare,
In Oppenheimer, in Apollo, it's more of like a bluer in the mare.
And then go into texture.
Let's see, Oppenheimer is a little bit, maybe I'd call it rougher than Apollo overall.
And I'm definitely seeing these kind of finer structures that are at the base, at the kind of basin of Oppenheimer.
And I can even see them in my LTP, but yeah, they're not present in Apollo either.
So I just see these kind of linear fractures and structures in Oppenheimer at the, at its basin.
Overall though, these kind of the margins of the mare, I would say, are more diffuse in Oppenheimer than Apollo.
Like there are some margins, like I said, those three kind of primary mare are what stands out.
And what I mean by that,
are there's the very circular, so if you're talking about Oppenheimer on the kind of left side of it, there's a really circular mare which has like two
it kind of horizontal notches to it.
And then below that, a little to the left, you have a little bit of a smaller splotch.
And then a little bit below that, a little bit more to the right, there's kind of a dark, diffuse mare patch.
Whereas Apollo, it's very clear that there are, instead of, like I said, the margins are more diffuse in Oppenheimer than they are in Apollo.
The Apollo mare is very clear,
lineation and differentiation between the light and the dark of the mare and the light-toned surrounding area.
