Christina here.
Moving on to my next target, which is Apollo Basin, target number 17.
I did a lot of descriptions on Apollo Basin when I compared it to Oppenheimer for target 16, but I'm going to continue on focusing on Apollo Basin.
So the first thing I'll note is the color tones.
And there doesn't seem to be a significant color tone difference in
The kind of inner ring of the basin and the exterior ring of the basin They seem to be around the same color tone, which is in the mare this dark blue Very dark kind of black blue color and then everything else which has a slight kind of reddish gray
tone to it.
With the exception of maybe like three pretty bright craters that stand out, the one that stands out the most is kind of the northeast of the mare that's inside of the inner basin.
and it stands out because it has rays that are maybe like four rays that are clearly cutting across that mare, that irregular shaped mare, and it seems like those rays are
you know, they're very clear because they have a contrast in the dark mares because they're such light tone.
And then they continue on, but the end of it is a little bit diffuse.
I know I can't see those rays on the other side of that inner ring.
So they seem to be constrained in some way to the inner ring.
And their direction is kind of north,
northwest, cutting diagonally down and across.
And then the other two brighter craters that stand out are outside of that inner basin and slightly to the east of the dark mare patch that's
on the left side of the basin.
If you're looking at it like a face, it's the left eye of that mare patch.
It's a little bit to the right of it.
And then if you're looking at the smile, right above, north of the smile, that's the other kind of bright crater.
So there's that kind of three bright craters that stand out.
And I've kind of tried to describe them in association with the mare, but hopefully that comes through in the pictures.
In general, in terms of the texture, Apollo Basin seems a lot smoother, especially in the kind of mare regions.
Definitely seems like they're a little bit more of a flow or a mantled type of smooth look versus Oppenheimer, which has a little bit more ruggedness to it.
And like I mentioned, there's more contrast and sharpness in the boundaries of those dark patches in Apollo Basin than Oppenheimer.
And the last thing I'll say is it does seem like Oppenheimer is
kind of physically on top of Apollo Basin, like it's cutting into it, it's cutting off a little bit of the margin, and then there's these rays that are cutting straight through from a crater above.
