Jeremy here doing my next observation, which is Target 24, South Polacan Basin.
Reid has the camera right now, so I'm just using my eyes, looking at this pretty big region, which is most of the south, you know, south side of the moon, except what's kind of cut off by the Terminator on my west.
The first thing I'll note is the color.
The thing that stands out the most with the color is the light-toned ray that's coming straight kind of through the margin of Apollo Basin and Oppenheimer.
It continues all the way down.
I can't necessarily say I see the end of it.
This keeps continuing down through the moon.
Maybe it kind of goes, it follows a linear trajectory and then maybe has one fork in it that's forking towards the west.
But that light tone is pretty clear.
The dark mare patches are also, in contrast, stand out.
Apollo Basin, dark blue mare, and then that's a similar kind of tone in mare to maybe a little bit of Leibniz crater.
And then looking more towards the Terminator, maybe a little bit also in some of the swirls of Injani have a little bit of that dark blue as well.
and then things are a little bit more lost from color towards the terminator.
And then color-wise, again, the redder tones in Apollo Basin are standing out.
And then also there's some like reddish tones in Mare Anjanai too.
It's got that right above the margin on the north side.
It almost seems like a little bit of like a red
I don't want to say glow, but a little bit of a diffuse red color that emanates out from the north of Injani, which is really pretty spectacular.
And it's a little bit in the swirls as well, that red tone.
Reddish, orangish, muted colors.
Not very bright, but muted.
In terms of structures, I can roughly see the
You're going to call the boundary of South Pohegan Basin at the at the northern side.
And then some of these right at the terminator that roughness pops out.
I'm not entirely sure what crater.
Sorry, what ridges is standing out to me right at that terminator, but it's to the east of engine.
I definitely looks like it's more, uh, an elongated ridge and that's, that's pretty clear.
Um, it's really cool.
All that lighting makes that topography stand out.
