Alright, my second time looking at Mare Ingenae and swirls.
Hopefully my crew members over there are taking some good pictures of this photometric effect.
I'm seeing a little bit, again, this is target 28, Mari Injani's a little bit smaller than our Apollo base, and that's how I index off of Apollo base, and then just kind of move to the left in the current orientation.
That's how I pick that up.
The boundary of Mari Injani's may be a little bit more distinct in this illumination condition, so I'm glad I trained my eyes back on this a second time.
I am still not seeing any kind of like hue or like red or yellows or any kind of color difference like that.
I'm just mostly seeing some gray tonal difference so the albedo changes.
between those three distinct albedos that I talked about before, kind of a light tone swirl, medium tone swirl, and then all set across the darker backdrop of the Mare Ingenae region.
The slope now has changed a little bit from
What I think I described earlier, the slopes and the structure that really stands out to me is now mostly at the six to nine o'clock.
I'm starting to pick up a lot of different features that I didn't see the first time I looked at Mari Injani and really starting to appreciate for how much that Terminator coming closer and the
The photometric effect is making the observation different, but hasn't made the color any different, if that makes sense.
So the colors are about the same.
I'm just getting more textural differences, particularly across the southern portion of that crater.
The embayment that I described before, especially at the three o'clock into the hills at the three o'clock with those kind of like bunny ears or the Mickey Mouse ears that are headed towards the three o'clock.
Not as sharp as when I first observed them.
It was an earlier target.
I forget which number.
But I'm glad I trained my eyes back on this one and hopefully gave you guys some good observations.
But those photos are really going to be key to hopefully zoom in and determine any kind of other photometric effect that might be going on.
So thanks for turning me on to this one a second time and hopefully that observations helped.
