Okay, here I am at window two and I think the next target on my list here is buys ballot and I remember this one from training and I'll be honest, I'm pretty glad I get the chance to observe it because of
how unique it is.
It does have that kind of arrowhead shape where the point of the arrow is pointing to the south.
It has a long linear ridge in the middle that I would have believed is a central peak but it's so linear and stretched out it looks like it's rising above a relatively smooth terrain here.
Speaking of that smooth terrain, sort of the like upper northern end of the bottom of the crater looks pretty smooth.
It's got like some younger fresher craters that look like they've formed in the smooth mare.
They're dark
smooth patch.
But it that that sort of northern part is really, you know, quite smooth.
And then as you move to the south toward, you know, the other end of that linear ridge in the middle of the crater, it looks like rougher terrain.
And it almost looks like that rougher terrain ends in sort of like an arc.
that starts in the west, goes slightly up to the north, then goes back down to the east.
There's also another little, like, arc, almost like a slump or something on the east side of the crater.
I would say the east side of the crater looks, I think, like a shallower slope, whereas the west side is a steeper slope.
really interesting diversity in this crater from the sort of lumpy, hummocky texture to the south and the smooth texture to the north.
As for like color and albedo, I'd say the fresher or the smoother stuff is grayer, much grayer than the southern edge, which is like a lighter gray tone.
So I definitely see a kind of a distinct color difference there Looks like you guys want me to draw some comparisons about Lacus luxuriate to the south Man, that thing is is hard to kind of see and pick out.
It's much less Topographically notable than buys ballot But really interesting feature here and
making sure I'm not missing any of your requests.
Yeah, the texture I think I covered.
We got the steep slope to the west, the shallower slope to the east that really has that hummocky slump-like terrain.
And again, rougher to the south.
And I mean, I still see some tiny fresher craters there in the southern rougher patch.
but much different than the sort of other smooth material in Lacus Luxuriae.
Really interesting crater and I'm excited to see what you guys make of it.
