Okay, I'm back.
I finished Aiken.
Now I'm going to do, um, number, going to number 21, Amari Anjanine Swirls.
Really excited about this one.
I saw them peeking out a little bit before, um, when I was doing my Whole Moon Mosaic.
And so I'm excited.
I had looked at the Amari Anjanine Swirls during my first pass.
And it was really tough to pull out those swirls, but as I'm zooming in now, I can definitely pull out those swirls.
I can see a lot of those different S features.
And so I'm using the camera fully zoomed in here, and it really does start to look like an eyeball to me.
That Mari patch looks like the iris, and these swirls sort of look like the veins.
I think you have that main mare patch.
You've got some of the outbreaching from there.
So those mare flows, they sort of lobate in the end on the right-hand side, and then the out channel on the left-hand side.
And you can see how the mare material sort of disperses in through the crater basin.
And then looking into those swirls themselves, they're definitely the ones sort of...
So if I can look at that maripon and sort of go out from there, sort of like straight out to the left like the 9 o'clock, the swirls are much more faint.
But as I go down towards like the 7 or 8 o'clock, they're much more defined.
You get a couple of different shapes of the swirls.
I sort of see things that look like sort of C shapes, some that look like backwards S's, some that are just like squiggle worms.
It's pretty neat to be able to see that.
I'm also looking at some of the textures that I see in the rim.
I can see them on the wall there as well.
So I just really, really need to see these.
These swirls really are the best to find ones that we've seen.
Like I've seen a couple other, can sort of see them in
I could seal a couple and leave knits and I can get those sort of both in the same frame.
Here I've got it centered between the two and like definitely comparing it up to see if I see any swirls in.
Yeah, I really can't pick them out too much in Muscovy and say not like can MRI engine.
I just absolutely incredible What I can see there Make sure that I mark that take a really good image, and I'll make sure I mark it with my With my indicator here, so I might get a good one with it right centered in the middle Okay, so I'm going in
I can now see that in Mari Injani.
Let's see if I was able to get that.
Mari Injani.
Mari Injani.
Let me make sure that this is actually recording.
Mari and Janai.
All right, I was able to get the recording.
I see my music note now.
So what I can, one of the things that's really interesting to me is that I really couldn't tell those squirrels before and how this time around they're just so distinct.
They're just popping out much better than they were able to be before.
it's just looking at like how some of them really seem skinnier versus some of them have a thickness and the skinnier ones look like they have a much more defined um boundary but the ones that sort of like in the bottom like the one that sort of almost looks like a a worm with a giant head um there it just really looks
like the the rounder part of the lighter color swirl is much more diffuse.
And if you look at the bottom one there and then look inside the Mari patch itself it looks like there's some more of those little diffuse wispies that are not as defined as the swirls.
So definitely it looks like there is like areas that mixture is happening in a lot of different places but not as defined in some and much more defined in others.
