starting target 20 with Aiken and some of the regional scarps.
It took a few seconds to make sure I was located basically off of Mari Injanai, so thanks to the LTP for getting me there.
Mari Injanai did allow me to trace up really quickly to Aiken's crater that really has one of the darkest Mari patches in my current view.
Really amazing how that
color changes as the spacecraft moves and the moon moves with us.
But yeah, Aitken Crater is really showing some dark albedo in the base of it.
There's one bright spot also in the base of Aitken Crater Crater that doesn't show up as bright in the LTP.
So if I have time, I might do a quick annotation of that.
For a quick note, it's the 400 millimeter
image that's in the LTP is right above or right below the numeral 20.
So it corresponds with that either central peak or central impact in Aiken Crater.
That feature is a lot brighter by naked eye than it is in the image in the LTP.
And also notably around Aiken Crater is like high albedo, slight rim highlights that go from about the 10 o'clock all the way around to the five o'clock.
I don't see it at the other cardinal directions or clock directions, but I do see that highlighted rim with Aiken from that 10 to five o'clock.
If I concentrate a little bit on the regional scarps that are northeast, I'm looking for any visibility of those and with the naked eye, I cannot pick anything up.
Although I will kind of stare at that region, try to let my eyes adapt to the northeast again of Aiken Crater and see if any of those regional scarps pick up.
I'll say broad terms with the naked eye, I haven't been able to.
verify that anything I've seen is a scarp, nothing has stood out to me as like a, oh yeah, barely that is a scarp.
But concentrating specifically in that northeast region of Dakin Crater that's highlighted by the LTP and not picking anything up there.
So hopefully the camera does or hopefully that that tells you something about what our eyes can pick up and whatnot, what they can't.
I'll do a quick check of LTP, make sure we've got all the observer actions covered.
Swirls, so swirls in Aiken.
Again, it's got that dark Mari Piatch at the bottom, but I don't see any swirls with the naked eye.
So no swirls, no scarps by the naked eye on Aiken.
And with that, I'll close out Target 20.
