All right, starting high priority target number 26, Muscovians Basin.
Specifically going to center some images and capture that entire basin.
Might make it a few little mosaics of it.
It's really starting to pop now as it comes closer to the Terminator.
So this is great lighting conditions to capture it.
Definitely can give you guys some words on the structure, texture, and variations of any color and albedo.
And I'm going to keep a close eye out for lava flows.
The basin rim right now is really starting to pop.
So hopefully those come across in the images and any swirls.
So lots to look at for, lots to look out for in Muscovian basin.
And I'll double check that I've captured any notes after I start shooting some pictures here.
So I might go quiet for a little bit as I capture some Muscovians.
glamour shots here.
Okay, at the highest resolution, so at 400, I can capture all of Muscovian's ring structure with a little bit of the Terminator in there.
And so I'm gonna capture a couple photos
a couple 20 or so in different orientations, different things in the frame of the photo for context.
So a couple with the limb in there or with the Terminator, sorry, in there and a couple with the limb in there.
Again, all at 400 millimeters.
Now I'm gonna do a quick little mosaic.
About 75% overlap.
Realizing I'm doing an east-west snake.
Probably should have done a north-south one given the Terminator conditions right now, but shouldn't matter too much.
Okay, so there's a mosaic in there at 400 millimeter, that east-west snake across Muscovians, a tier of three from north to south.
Again, using the camera lens kind of as a binocular now, or a monocular,
I can maybe see some really nice terminations of the mare, you know, the lava coming up against some of the rim structure to the west side of Muscovians.
Specifically, starting around the one o'clock to four o'clock.
Seems like it comes the closest to the rim there.
Take a few more photos.
Really concentrating on trying to keep the camera steady, take out any shakes and not cram the camera too much into the window while I'm doing this.
Albedo wise, the highest albedo is right at the crater rim at the, I'll say 1030.
Between 10 and 11 o'clock is the highest albedo on the crater rim.
The darkest albedo is at the base of the crater about one o'clock.
There's a crater down there that's at two o'clock that's right around there seems to be the darkest part of that mare patch.
Everything else is a couple of tones of gray in between.
Didn't see any distinct colors other than shades of gray at this time.
I'm taking a quick look at the LTP and allow my eyes to adjust back inside of the cabinet.
So I definitely got a good centered images, captured the entire basin, captured the basin with some different things in context, and also a small little mosaic there.
I'm not going to make any annotation here because I didn't see any
strong color difference and I hopefully described the albedo context best I could.
But I want to keep my hands on the camera here and get on to the next image and close out strong.
So that's it for target number 26.
