All right, so I am getting ready.
Now I am back.
I am over in the, in window three that has CapCam 2.
I'm now just focusing on my observations, not with the camera anymore.
So it's so nice when you're able to zoom in so much.
And now I'm back to looking at it as a whole and looking at the entire complete disk is still really
really need to see.
So I'm going to go and be looking for By's Ballot.
It is up by Jackson Crater.
So I can see Jackson there.
I can see where Lacus Luxury region is.
And so then I'm looking for that.
I know it's a weird shaped.
Lacus Luxury is that dark spot, which I can see.
which really helps me find Bai's ballot.
And so I have been able to find it.
And so I'm just looking with my eyes right now out the window.
And so I can see this in the, it's the rays of Jackson sort of go all the way from the limb almost over to essentially just above
Bayes-Ballot region and so the Bayes-Ballot I think it's just like 72 kilometers in diameter so it's a pretty small guy but the shape of it is definitely weird and so I can tell that shape sort of using the brightness of the
of the wall of that crater.
And so the brightness is much stronger on the western side than the eastern.
And then underneath we have the Lackus Luxury region, which is a darker spot.
That dark spot sort of looks like the, you know, when we found the parachute on the surface of Mars from the Curiosity and Perseverance rovers, you can sort of see all the strings that held the rover.
That's exactly what it looks like.
And so the darkness of that looks similar to what we can see over at Muscovy and say there.
The boundaries of that, they definitely sort of streak and it's gradational.
It's much stronger in the center of that lattice luxury, but we don't see anything sort of a emitter like
Well, now that I've sort of acclimated a little bit, I can see sort of a gray or brownish.
So on the bottom, that looks very similar to the highlands material that is being overlaid by the Jackson Crater rays.
And so I don't see too much else in that structure there.
And I'm running out of time because we had to switch.
So I'll finish this one up.
