Alright, Kelsey back with you here.
I have now swapped windows with Angela and now I have the camera.
I have put my SD card, my own SD card into the camera.
I forgot to look at the number of that so I'll report that at the end of my shift here.
And I'm moving on to my next target which is a
high priority target.
It's the South Polar region, which is of course super exciting for future surface missions.
And I'll just take a minute to kind of get oriented with what I'm seeing here.
Let me just go ahead and zoom in.
Oh, wow.
Having the camera is such a different view.
It's gorgeous.
Okay, I've got some pictures here and zooming in.
I see the South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin with that, I don't know, it really kind of looks right now in my view almost smoother than, it does look a bit smoother than the rest of the moon, which is interesting because I know it's much older.
Let me see, I'm zooming in on the targets I just described before I had the camera, Oppenheimer Basin and Apollo, and all those mare patches pop out even more now, making me think that the descriptions I gave to you of those targets were not nearly as useful as the descriptions looking through this viewfinder here.
Those albedo differences pop out so much better, and I can even start to see some of the topography that I was lacking with the naked eye view.
I know my near-term focus is on Oppenheimer Basin and Apollo because I just described it, but I'll expand my focus.
Let's see what I'm supposed to be looking for on the LTP here.
Topography along the lunar horizon and illuminated rim of Schrodinger.
Oh gosh, it's hard to see Schrodinger.
Yeah, it's really hard to pick out Schrodinger.
I don't really think I can see it in this view.
But I will take a look at the topography along the horizon.
Let me see here.
Yeah, I'm starting to see more topography pop out, certainly along that horizon.
Again, the crater rims stand out so beautifully.
I'm going to zoom in here and take a picture.
And I'm just seeing dark mare patches, both circular and less circular in nature, pop out across the South Polar region.
I'm going to take a few pictures highlighting the diversity of the mare patches that I see in the South Polar region.
Those images just captured some bright white, very tiny, high, high, high albedo
features that might indicate that they're young, fresh impact craters, which is, I know, of interest to the science team.
Oh, look right here.
That image I just took, I think, captured a crater that has significant diversity of mare in it.
There's that beautiful Albedo ray from Crooks coming down in the middle of Apollo and Oppenheimer Basin.
I'll zoom in on the sort of extent of it down to the bottom.
Let me see what else I'm supposed to be.
I'm supposed to be taking a mosaic of the entire illuminated region, north-south snake pattern.
All right, and that looks like my...
I'll take a minute and just get oriented.
It's such a better view with this viewfinder.
You can pick out so much more detail.
I'm looking at it through the viewfinder.
Alright, so now I'm going to take my mosaic.
Let's see, I'm going to start here.
And 50% overlap north-south.
Still taking my mosaic here.
Okay, I'm probably taking way more images here than is warranted, but hey, it's the South Poleaitken Basin, it's exciting stuff.
All right, so I'm gonna go in, I think this is my last picture of this, so I'm gonna go in and add the WAV file, but I'll go ahead and stop the recording.
