All right, I'm starting this next target a little bit later because I took some time to go into the OneNote and sketch something in Oppenheimer Basin, although to be honest, I'm not totally sure how useful it was.
But now I see my next target is the Apollo Basin.
I know I talked a little bit about that in the Oppenheimer Basin description.
Unlike some of the other targets in sort of my block of targets here,
Apollo Basin, I have no trouble identifying.
It is, you know, of course, near the edge of the South Poleaitken Basin-Aitken Crater Basin.
I can see it again in my current view, which is again, I'm pointed toward lunar north.
I see it marked especially by its sort of irregularly shaped dark patch in the middle of it, which I believe to be mare.
It's a little bit harder for me to pick out the ring structures that you guys are asking me to look at.
Because again, I just really am not seeing much topography in this naked eye view on this sort of half of the moon right now.
But I do see sort of the center mare patch.
And I also see sort of that, I don't know, horizontal to my current view mare patch.
That horizontal Mari patch is probably 125 kilometers long, and maybe again using the scale bar on the LTP, like 25 kilometers, you know, in height, so to speak, from where I'm oriented right now.
three little fingers coming out to the bottom left at about seven o'clock from the bottom left of that dark linear mare patch.
They look like fingers to my naked eye.
Looking at the picture in the LTP, I can see that they appear to be bounded by some sort of topography there in the rim, but I don't see that topography from my view.
All I see is those little fingers stretching down.
There's also a third Mari patch that's much smaller and narrower, sort of oriented vertically.
That's in relationship to the dark Mari patch in the middle.
It's it's out to the left toward the sort of Western Rim Western from my current frame of reference view toward Oppenheimer Basin Basin.
And again, it's it's less like dark gray.
It's a lighter gray and it's also more diffuse.
All three Mari patches thinking about sort of
geologic relationships here.
With the naked eye, I don't see a ton of craters in those mare patches, suggesting to me that it might be younger than a lot of other features in this area.
In comparison to the Oppenheimer Basin volcanic deposits that you asked me to observe earlier, those two larger mare patches in Apollo are probably
darker, darker gray in color than the mare patch in Oppenheimer Basin Basin.
I don't see many structures or slopes or textures.
Frankly, all I really see is color and albedo in this target.
