So now, this is Marie, I'm doing my observation of Orientale Basin.
I can see the rim, the rings of Oriental.
I can see the Rooks ring on the, the Cordillera ring on the outside and the Oriental.
And I can also see that dark annular ring around about five, about six o'clock.
So I can see that the,
There's not as much topography that I can see here that it really looks like the higher parts of the rings are a little bit lighter while there looks like there is the darker mare material that's sort of like hugging along the edge of that second ring that we are seeing there.
Inside Orientale Basin, we see different mare patches.
There's definitely two of them that look like they have different colors.
It's almost like a horseshoe bottom of the inner part.
I'm sort of like a, like a fatter horseshoe there.
Um, and so that has sort of a gradational boundary as well as, um, and so I can see that that is sort of a darker gray, but then above that sort of filling in a little bit of that horseshoe, um, and going in around like one to two o'clock, um, it's a little bit lighter in color.
Um, you could see sort of the rubbliness, especially on the, on the ring features.
probably around like six, seven, eight o'clock.
And so that's, it's more definitely rubbly, or you can see that the brightness sort of going off of that material as well.
If I look to that annular ring, so it does look like that lipstick mark, but what's really interesting is that the top lip of the feature, the one closest to the mare, definitely has a darker, is darker in color than sort of the mirrored part on the lower lip of the feature.
Um, I can tell that there is sort of a gradational sort of boundary there.
Um, and it looks like it might be almost dispersing in a very lightweight on top of the rim.
Um, the ring feature that we see there, uh, you, it also does not look like the two parts of the annual ring are actually touching.
Um, sort of like they're separate just a little bit of where the crease of the lips would have been.
I'm sort of seeing this as it's approaching the limb and so I'm sort of seeing it on the edge a little bit.
So definitely I'm sort of seeing into the raised rim from about noon till 3 and then sort of flatter there below.
So I'm going to stop this one so I can get back on time.
