All right, just starting Target 6.
It looks like I'm a little behind on the timeline, so I'll make this one a little bit quicker.
And I've definitely zoomed in with my eye, sorry, on Target 6, the Bose And Bhabha Crater Region and Bubba Crater, just south of Apollo Basin.
The illumination down there is a little bit darker right now, so it's hard to pick out those two distinct craters that are next to each other.
Actually struggling with that a little bit.
I'm just indexing off of a dark patch that looks like to be the dark patch at the bottom of Bo's crater, if that's the one to my left or the west in the image.
And that's the only one that I'm really picking up on is that Bo's crater to the left, if Bose And Bhabha Crater Region's to the right.
And so again, just to make sure I'm clear there.
So at three o'clock is what I'm calling Bose And Bhabha Crater Region Crater in the image in the LDP.
The one at seven o'clock is what I'm calling Bose And Bhabha Crater Region.
And it's Bose And Bhabha Crater Region that is actually popping out just below Apollo Crater.
I don't see Bose And Bhabha Crater Region that distinct as what's captured in the LTP image.
I will say a little bit more words about the color.
So just below Bose And Bhabha Crater Region Crater, I do see a light patch that I don't see in any of the imagery on our PCDs.
So there's a totally distinct little light patch just below Bose And Bhabha Crater Region that is starting to really stick out to my eye as I continue to look out the window.
One thing I will note is looking back and forth between the window and the,
and the PCD, my eye does take a few minutes or a few seconds to adjust to pick up those subtle differences.
So I've been trying to concentrate by looking out the window, but also make sure that I get the observations and actions in mind before I start the video recording so I can allow my eyes to adjust without looking down at the LTP too often.
So just again, to focus on the color, albedo, and texture, I think I checked the box there.
Texture's really hard to pick out in these illumination conditions.
The only interior thing that I see is the bottom of bows, and that's the only reason that it's able to pick that out at all is a little bit of darker patch at the bottom of bows.
And the relationship between the two is kind of what I described.
I'm really having trouble seeing
above a crater compared to Bose And Bhabha Crater Region and just really interested in that little white patch that's below Bose And Bhabha Crater Region.
But nothing else really to add there.
Kind of hard in this illumination conditions to pick that up.
So that concludes target number six.
