All right, Angela, back with you, starting on Target 15, Apollo Basin.
Now, I talked a little bit about Apollo when I was describing Oppenheimer Basin, and I'm gonna continue to do so.
I'm gonna make sure I have some good full view pictures.
Body position wise, I am clocked slightly.
I'd be like 90 degrees to the right.
where the zero is the top upright windows of Orion.
So just took a few pictures focused on the fullest zoom out and now I'm kind of clocking in focusing on the margins between Apollo Basin and Oppenheimer Basin
And now I'm going to take a few pictures focused just directly on Apollo Basin, because that is the target I want to focus on.
Oh, this is fun to look at.
It's actually kind of hard to stabilize.
So I'm just going to not.
I'm just going to put my feet up to help stabilize myself.
As I'm zoomed in on Apollo Basin,
Um, it's really cool to see the, um, the bright mare crater that's above, if you call it like the eye, the right eye above that.
And it's got some really good pictures of just making sure.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
They, they, they come through in the pictures of the crater, um, the light tone crater ray, um, kind of over top of that.
of that dark mare, so I'm glad that that comes through.
I will focus on the mare in the center and the ring structures.
Okay, yeah.
I will focus on that right now.
It's interesting that it seems like that mare in the center is actually to the right, but it is true now that I'm
of looking at my naked eye and know that in the topography that mare is not the right but it's actually in the center.
I'm going to take a few more pictures focusing on that ring to the north because it's actually not that obvious.
I was expecting that topography to stand out a little bit more
But it doesn't.
So I've taken a few photos focused on the center but also did a few around the edges of that crater.
So as I'm just continuing to zoom in and I focus on that center mare, there's definitely
like a another ring that's to the to the right of the center more.
And I think that, yeah, that shows up in the LTP topography as well.
Let's see texture wise.
The base of this crater looks quite smooth.
Oppenheyer next to it looks more rough.
So I would say Apollo Basin is the smoother one.
And again, the mare has very sharp boundaries that are not diffuse.
Let's say I got a little distracted by the beauty that is Apollo Basin.
So let me double check.
I think I'm right on time.
Oh, all right, I'll keep recording for a second.
All right, Kelsey, you want this camera?
Here, switch SD card.
All right, let me give you my SD card.
And this way, I can actually record what SD card I have, which is SD card 1026.
Slot 1.
Huh?
Nope.
I don't know if it matters.
All right.
I don't know what to do with this, but this seems important.
Oi, oi.
Could you put that in the Ziploc?
Now I guess I'll pause my recording.
Oh, do you need to be in this window?
I sure do.
Window two.
She's a beauty.
She is a beauty.
I've found that putting your feet on here helps stabilize the shifting of the chair.
