Okay, this is Maria.
I'm getting ready to go to my next target now.
We are now looking for Bo's and Bose And Bhabha Crater Region Crater.
So let me get that one highlighted here.
So I'm looking a little bit below.
I now have the camera, so I'm going to start at Apollo.
and work my way down from here.
Let me see if I can find where this is.
I'm looking for the double set, a little snowman as I've heard some people call it before.
It's really hard to find these ones down here, especially without this strong morphology.
I can see I'm fully zoomed in on Apollo, and so I'm just gonna start taking some images around.
Oop, I didn't collect my whole bracket, so I'm gonna restart that one.
Go down by Apollo and do like a tiny little mosaic here.
And so I feel like it's in there somewhere.
Let me see if I can really focus on getting to where that is.
So it's right down there near the bottom.
Definitely a little bit hard to find without the morphology that exists down here.
And so I really can't find exactly where these two craters are next to each other.
hard to compare them maybe that's them right there I really can't pick them out I think this might be it but I really can't exactly pick them out for a comparison between the two so they're sort of blending in with the
I really can't tell, does not, looks like the mare patch that I can sort of see is right above right above bows so I think I can find that mare patch, there it is and so yeah I really still am struggling but I think I'm right now centered on it and got a picture there
Um, but not very well defined.
I really can't find any of those central peaks, um, that I'm looking for inside of there or the terraced walls because the morphology isn't really coming out even when I'm zoomed all the way in.
Um, and so it's definitely a little bit hard to see in this lighting environment.
So, um, I'm going to go back and, um, finish up this recording and
it a little bit more on time here.
One of the things that is really interesting now that I'm just down here in SPA looking at this with the camera you can really start to see like how some of these craters look a little bit more depressed like a little bit how they don't look very strong but you can see some of that brightness those albedo differences
That's sort of more representative of the rooms of the creators than actually the creators themselves.
I'm going to look one more, once more again.
Oh, maybe that is it.
But it's definitely pretty difficult to find down there.
