All right, starting target 23 with the camera and Jackson.
Captured a lot of Jackson when I was taking photos of the target 22 crater region area.
So I'm a little behind on the timeline with Jackson, but I think I'll make it up here just knowing that I captured a lot of Jackson in that last crater or that last camera sequence.
Gonna double check to make sure I get everything that you want.
So you want photographs of the center of the entire ray system at the highest focal length and multiple overlapping images as needed.
So I'm gonna go ahead and make some observations of Jackson when I do that.
But again, look at all the images that I took of target 21, or sorry, target 22,
because there's a lot of great photos of Jackson in there based on some of that image.
Specifically going to try to target on some of the rays of Jackson with the highest imaging.
So I'm going to take, I've got a series of images that zoomed in on Jackson from lowest to highest zoom.
and I'm gonna take from the highest of zoom and work out some of the ray systems to the south and north of Jackson to the furthest extent that I can view them, which is a long, long way.
So I just took a series of six photos to the south, starting at the center of Jackson and going south.
at the highest resolution, did the same, a series of three going to the north, and then a series of five going to that ray that is headed towards Muscovian's Basin.
And last thing I'm gonna do here with Jackson is capture it in a context photo.
I've got a couple of these now,
Make sure that I capture the whole upper northern two-thirds of the moon.
And an image that is well-centered and frames all of Jackson Rays and includes Muscovian's Basin.
Gonna take a few in a couple different orientations with the camera.
Captures the whole eastern limb.
and close out Jackson.
Man, it's a really unique crater that the camera allows you to see some of the grade system like your naked eye does not pick up.
The albedo doesn't seem to change as you get away from that central crater, but the central crater is a high albedo, definitely distinct and really dramatic through the camera lens.
And with that, I will close out target 23 Jackson Crater and it looks like moving on to Jules Verne next.
