Target 9, Labintz.
So started to really take a stare out of the window at Labintz to follow up on my comments that I just had on Target 8.
I think I concentrated equally on the Mare Ingenii and the swirls as well as Labintz during my Target 8 description.
But I'm going to stare out at Labintz a little bit longer now and see, let my eyes adjust to that target.
Again, just to reiterate what I said about
target nine, or sorry, target eight, about target nine.
I'm really interested in the dark, or sorry, the light, highly reflective spot that is at the seven to eight o'clock of Lubinsk.
It definitely stands out compared to anything I've seen as far as a bright spot.
I'm not sure if that's an illumination condition or more of a fresh crater.
but it's right just outside the crater rim of Lubinsk and definitely is unique in that area as far as a brighter spot.
I mentioned previously during my description of Target 8 that Lubinsk, the base of Lubinsk has kind of like a mid-tone dark gray compared to the basement of
Apollo and Mare Ingenii.
It's kind of a mid-tone compared to those darkest areas that you see.
And Labinsk doesn't have as much topography around the rim as what I saw and described as the topography around Mare Ingenii.
Just look down at the LTP to see if I could pick up the small little crater with the naked eye.
in Lubinsk that's kind of at the 10 o'clock.
So inside the floor of Lubinsk, there's like a raised rim at the highest zoom.
You're gonna especially see it.
And I cannot see that with the naked eye, no matter how long I stare at Lubinsk, hopefully the camera picks that up.
I can see the crater that's kind of like the,
If it's a Mickey Mouse on its side with Lubinsk with the ears headed to the east, I can pick up the crater that would be the up or the northernmost Mickey Mouse ear.
I can see that.
I cannot see the crater that has the distinct central peak in it in the highest zoom lens on the LDP.
I cannot pick up that crater.
Unless I really concentrate and allow my eyes to adjust out the window, I can just barely pick up that crater.
And now actually I'm starting to pick up the central peak of that crater.
But again, it's that adjustment of the eyes as you allow them to adjust out the window and to the illumination of the moon versus looking down at the PCD.
Nothing else dramatic stands out to me about Lubinsk.
Again, the topography is pretty muted in these illumination conditions.
The albedo I described and some of the surrounding terrain.
The only really unique feature is that bright toned features impact maybe to the seven or eight o'clock.
